00:31:35
Jeff Sessions 
MR. SPEAKER, AMERICANS LOVE OUR COUNTRY LIKE NO OTHER PEOPLE ON EARTH. BUT WE HAVE GONE OFF COURSE AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW IT. OUR POLITICAL SYSTEM IS NOT WORKING. WE OPERATE LIKE A TRENCH WARFARE BATTLES OF WORLD WAR I WHERE HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS DIED BUT NO GROUND IS GAINED. GOOD AMERICANS WILL STAND FOR THIS NO LONGER. THEY WANT THE POLITICAL GAME, THE POSTURING AND THE SHOWBOATING TO END. THEY WANT THEIR COUNTRY ON THE RIGHT TRACK AGAIN. MEDIAN INCOME HAS DECLINED. TERRORIST ATTACKS ARE INCREASING. RESPECT FOR AMERICA HAS FALLEN. CRIME IS RISING. AND THE PRESIDENT, HE BLAMES THE POLICE. THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT LEAD. CONGRESS IS DEADLOCKED. THE POLITICAL, CORPORATE AND MEDIA ESTABLISHMENT, THEY SAY CALM DOWN. DON'T OVERREACT, DON'T BE POLITICALLY INCORRECT. UNSTATED IS A THREAT. IF YOU PERSIST IN YOUR COMPLAINTS, WE WILL ATTACK YOU. BUT, THIS TIME IT'S DIFFERENT. [APPLAUSE] ONE MAN, DONALD TRUMP, WAS NOT INTIMIDATED. [APPLAUSE] HE WOULD NOT BE SILENCED. HE SPOKE THE TRUTH. HE GAVE VOICE TO THE PEOPLE'S CONCERNS. HE SAID THAT THE TRADE DEALS HAVE HURT AMERICA AND PEOPLE. THAT OUR BORDER MUST BE SECURED. THAT OUR NATION, THAT OUR NATION MUST BE STRONG. THAT WE MUST DEFEAT THE TERRORISTS WHO THREATEN US. THAT WE MUST RESTORE LAW AND ORDER. AND, SUPPORT OUR COURAGEOUS LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS. [APPLAUSE] THE AMERICANS -- THE AMERICAN VOTERS HEARD THIS MESSAGE AND THEY WERE BOARDED REWARDED HIS LEADERSHIP WITH A HUGE VICTORY IN OUR PRIMARY. HE DISPATCHED ONE TALENTED, FINE CANDIDATE AFTER ANOTHER. MOMENTUM CONTINUED TO GROW. A MOVEMENT STARTED. DEMOCRATS AND INDEPENDENTS RESPONDED. HE RECEIVED FAR MORE PRIMARY VOTES THAN ANY REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE IN HISTORY. [APPLAUSE] LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT THE DONALD TRUMP I HAVE COME TO KNOW. HE HAS A WONDERFUL FAMILY WHICH HE LOVES INTENSELY. HIS PERSONAL RELATIONS, HE'S UNFAILING COURTEOUS AND GENEROUS AND POSITIVE BY NATURE. HE HAS TREMENDOUS ENERGY AND STRENGTH. HE IS A WARRIOR AND A WINNER. HE LOVES HIS COUNTRY AND HE IS DETERMINED TO SEE IT BE A WINNER AGAIN. I HAVE BEEN PROUD OF THIS PARTY AND ITS PRINCIPLE SINCE I WAS A TEENAGER. IT IS NOT GIVEN TO US TO SEE THE FUTURE BUT I CAME TO BELIEVE SOME MONTHS AGO THAT DONALD TRUMP IS THE SINGULAR LEADER THAT CAN GET THIS COUNTRY BACK ON TRACK. [APPLAUSE] HE HAS THE STRENGTH, THE COURAGE AND WILL TO GET IT DONE. HE AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SHARE A COMMON GOAL, AND TOGETHER, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. [APPLAUSE] MR. SPEAKER, MR. SPEAKER, IT IS MY DISTINCT HONOR AND GREAT PLEASURE TO NOMINATE DONALD J. TRUMP FOR THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THANK YOU. AND GOD BLESS.  
00:38:02
Chris Collins
THANK YOU, MY FELLOW NEW YORKERS. SPEAKER RYAN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTRODUCTION. THANK YOU FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP AND WILLINGNESS TO PUT FORTH POLICIES THAT WILL TRULY MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. AS THE FIRST MEMBER OF CONGRESS TO ENDORSE DONALD TRUMP, I ALSO WANT TO THANK SENATOR SESSIONS WHO HAS STOOD WITH ME FROM THE BEGINNING IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP. [APPLAUSE] I PROUDLY REPRESENT WESTERN NEW YORK. WHICH HAS BEEN DEVASTATED BY UNFAIR TRADE DEALS, ALLOWING COUNTRIES LIKE CHINA AND MEXICO TO STEAL OUR JOBS, ROBBING OUR CHILDREN OF THE OPPORTUNITY TO LIVE THE AMERICAN DREAM. THE STAKES IN THIS ELECTION CANNOT BE OVERSTATED. WE WILL EITHER MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN OR TRAVEL DOWN THE PATH OF A THIRD OBAMA TERM. [BOOING] UNDER BARACK OBAMA, WE HAVE BEEN LOSING. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TRAMPLES ON OUR RIGHTS. OUR ALLIES CAN NO LONGER DEPEND ON US. OUR ENEMIES DEFY US. OUR COUNTRY HAS NO BORDERS AND CHINA AND MEXICO CONTINUE TO STEAL OUR JOBS. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. [APPLAUSE] IT IS TIME TO TAKE BACK OUR COUNTRY, THE GREAT UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. [APPLAUSE] PRESIDENT TRUMP IS GOING TO BUILD A WALL AND SECURE OUR BORDERS. [APPLAUSE] PRESIDENT TRUMP IS GOING TO DEFEAT TERRORISM AND MAKE OUR COUNTRY SAFE AGAIN. [APPLAUSE] PRESIDENT TRUMP IS GOING TO BRING BACK OUR STOLEN JOBS. WE IN WESTERN NEW YORK KNOW DONALD TRUMP IS NOT MERELY A CANDIDATE, DONALD TRUMP IS A MOVEMENT. [APPLAUSE] THAT IS WHY, MR. SPEAKER, I HAVE THE HONOR OF SECONDING THE NOMINATION OF DONALD J. TRUMP AS THE NEXT PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. [APPLAUSE] YOU GOT IT. THANK YOU ALL. THANK YOU ALL. THANK YOU. 
03:04:23
Sharon Day
What an honor it is to be with all of you this evening and especially to be here in Cleveland where we have nominated the individual who is GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Donald J. Trump!!
As I look around this room at the different delegations I understand the responsibility each of us has we need Ohio my home state of Florida Pennsylvania Wisconsin and each and every state to deliver on Election Day if we are going to save America.
Because just consider for a minute what would America look like with Hillary Clinton as President?
Our military would have a Commander-in-Chief who has already lied to the families of American soldiers on how and why they died in Benghazi.
People who create jobs would continue to be punished our small businesses would suffer industries would be destroyed as our fellow Americans across this country continue to lose their jobs.
Honesty integrity and ethics would now be taught in history class because if crooked Hillary is in charge, those values would in fact become HISTORY. Hillary Clinton wants you to vote for her simply because she will MAKE history. But Mrs. Clinton, we don't call that history....we call that HYPOCRISY!
She repeatedly plays the gender card. In fact she boasts.” deal me in.”
Well Mrs. Clinton consider yourself dealt in. As a Senator you paid women staffers LESS than men.
As Secretary of State you lied to the mothers, daughters, and sisters of men who gave their life for our
As head of a Foundation you accepted TENS OF MILLIONS of dollars from foreign countries who enslave women and treat them as second-class citizens.
As a mother and grandmother you have no problem supporting policies that terminate the life of the unborn.
And as First Lady you viciously attacked the character of women who were victims of sexual abuse at the hands of your husband.
I want to see a woman become President one day and I want my GRANDDAUGHTERS to see a woman President.. but not that woman Hillary Clinton not now, not EVER. America deserves a President they can trust. A President who is worthy of being Commander-in-Chief a President who tells the truth. A President who doesn’t look directly in a camera and lie to the American public about our fallen soldiers.
There is no question – Donald J. Trump is better for my children...my grand children and better for this country than Hillary Clinton could EVER be.
As the citizen activists that our Founding Fathers expected us to be let’s join together in the fight to save our country for the next generation.
Let’s stand together as daughters and sons of liberty and fight the oppressive government of Hillary Clinton by electing Donald J. Trump as our next President of the greatest country in the world.
God Bless You. May God bless our proud military men and women and their families and may God continue to bless this special place we call our home our United States of America.
03:09:00
Dana White
Good evening.
I’m Dana White, president of the UFC, the Ultimate Fighting Championship. You might be wondering why I’m here.
I’m not a politician. I’m a fight promoter.
To be honest, I was surprised to be invited, but I was honored, and I wanted to show up to tell you about my friend, the Donald Trump that I know.
In 2001, when my partners and I bought the UFC, it was considered a blood sport.
State athletic commissions didn’t support us. Arenas around the world refused to host our events. Nobody took us seriously.
Nobody.... except Donald Trump.
Donald was the first guy that recognized the potential that we saw in the UFC... and encouraged us to build our business.
He hosted our first two events at his venue. He dealt with us personally.
He got in the trenches with us... and made a deal that worked for everyone. And he showed up to the fights and sat in the front row. Yeah, he’s that guy. He shows up.
Donald championed the UFC before it was popular, before it grew into the successful business that it is now. I will always be grateful to him for standing with us in those early days.
So tonight, I’m standing with Donald Trump.
Let me tell you three things I respect about this man.
First, Donald has great business instincts. He supports businesses of all sizes.
He’ll make it possible for them to grow and succeed, which is the backbone of a strong economy.
Second, Donald is a hard worker.
He will roll up his sleeves, he will work with people, and put in the time to get things done.
And third, for over 15 years, Donald Trump has been a loyal... and supportive... friend.
I know that if I need him, he’ll be there for me, just like he was when we first met. Sometimes he’ll call just to say, “Hey Dana, I’ll be watching the fights this weekend. Good luck,” ... and he’s always reached out when something good happens in my career.
In 2011, we signed a huge network TV deal with FOX, and there was a big write-up about it in the New York Times.
Donald sent me the article and wrote on the front of it, “Congratulations Dana, I always knew you would do it.”
And just for the record, Donald and I are not business partners. His interest in me and my business is personal.
You can really tell a person’s true character when they are happy for someone else's success.
And I think that sense of loyalty and commitment will translate into how he will run this country. And let's honest, we need someone who believes in this country.
We need someone who is proud of this country, who will fight for this country.
Let me tell you something: I have been in the fight business my whole life. I know fighters.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Donald Trump is a fighter. And I know Donald Trump will fight for this country. Thank you.
03:13:02
Asa Hutchinson
Ladies and gentlemen, I hail from the great state of Arkansas; we know from personal experience that we don’t need Hillary Clinton in the White House.
I have been in the public arena during the administration of six Presidents.
From federal prosecutor under President Reagan; to Congress; and then Homeland Security after 9/11, I have seen America at its best and I have seen America put to the test.
There has never been a more urgent time for leadership.
America’s strength and boldness are desperately needed on the world stage.
and a new energy is demanded at home to build our economy and to defeat terrorism.
Strength, boldness and new energy are not words that describe Hillary Clinton. This is the same Hillary we knew in Arkansas and later in Washington for so many years. Hillary always wanted more government, and her dreams have only gotten bigger.
Regretfully, she offers more of the same. The same uncertain leadership in fighting terrorism;
The same failed top down approach to health care where Washington tells the states what to do;
The same nanny state regulations that strangle the economic strength of America. If you like the last 8 years, then Hillary will give you double for your trouble!
But good things are happening in the states. In Arkansas, we are creating jobs and leading in computer science education.
Unemployment is the lowest in the recorded history of Arkansas and we have a $177 million surplus. We can do better in our country.
We need a President that values the role of the states, will destroy ISIS, and jump-start our economy.
Experience matters.
On the campaign trail, Hillary Clinton emphasizes her experience. Yes. Experience matters. But judgment matters more.
Despite her experience, Hillary Clinton’s poor decisions have produced bad results.
Just think about it
Hillary Clinton’s radical attempts at so-called “reform” of the nation’s healthcare system would have been more destructive than even Obamacare has been.
Hillary Clinton’s bad judgment, as you heard last night, left us four dead Americans in Benghazi.
It resulted in instability in Egypt, Syria and Libya; the rise of ISIS; the resurgence of Russia; an emboldened North Korea; inappropriate ties between foreign governments and the Clinton Foundation; and a more dangerous world.
When it comes to being Commander in Chief, we don’t want a President who in the words of the FBI is “extremely careless” in the handling of classified material.
Donald Trump represents a different kind of leadership. He is exactly the kind of transparent, straight-talking leader America needs right now.
A Hillary Clinton presidency will endanger our national security. IT:
will be the wrong direction for our economy
and will undermine the innovation coming from the states. A Trump Presidency will be about the art of the possible.
Donald Trump is the right leader for our time. Thank you.
03:13:10
Leslie Rutledge
Good evening. Sometimes, Hillary Clinton has a New York accent. Sometimes, an Arkansas accent.
But y’all, this is what a real Arkansas woman sounds like.
Hillary may not know where she’s from, but Arkansans know exactly who she is. Arkansans know who I am.
Raised on a cattle farm, married to a row crop farmer, I’m a Christian, pro-life, gun- carrying, conservative woman.
And, the first female Republican elected Attorney General of Arkansas.
The very same office Bill Clinton held when those two launched their careers of corruption.
Hillary says they were poor when they left the White House.
And while they’ve made millions, she’s still poor in all the ways that really count: poor judgment, poor policies and poor decisions. Hillary is a lawyer, but she acts like the law doesn’t apply to her.
Absolutely no good could have come from merging her public service with her private interests much less her private server.
What we know about her scandals is bad. What we don’t know may be worse.
Why did Bill’s speaking fees skyrocket as soon as she was Secretary of State? Why did donors to the Clinton Foundation receive favorable treatment from the State Department? Deception and dishonesty are all second nature to Hillary.
As my daddy likes to say, she will lie even when the truth would serve her better.
Let’s face it: That woman has more baggage than Chicago O’Hare. I broke a glass ceiling.
I know the importance of doing so.
But, a historical milestone need not come at the expense of America. Unlike Hillary, Donald Trump knows that women – and men – are not single issue voters.
We care about jobs, the economy and national security.
As Attorney General, I know this race will shape the Supreme Court for generations.
Do we want the great Antonin Scalia to be replaced by a liberal activist judge? Donald Trump will nominate conservative justices who will uphold the Constitution, support the rule of law and rein in out-of-control federal bureaucrats.
Frankly, Hillary needs to go to her own house, not the White House and take Ruth Bader Ginsberg with her.
My fellow Americans, it’s time to update your resumes because Donald Trump is growing jobs and putting America back to work.
With Donald Trump as President. America will be closed to overregulation and open for business.
God bless each of you and God Bless America.
03:22:40
Michael Mukasey
Over the years, Hillary Clinton has done a lot and said a lot to show why she should not be president.
But how she treated government secrets as Secretary of State, and what she said before and after she was caught, sums up the case against her.
She sent and received secret, and top-secret, and beyond-top-secret emails on an unsecure private email system instead of on the secure government system – and she did it without authorization.
She said – falsely – that there was no classified information. She said – falsely – that what she did was authorized.
And what else did she say – falsely? She said, “When we traveled to sensitive places like Russia, we often received warnings from department security officials to leave our black berrys, laptops – anything that communicated with the outside world – on the plane, with their batteries removed to prevent foreign intelligence services from compromising them." She said, "Even in friendly settings we conducted business under strict security precautions, taking care when and how we read secret material and used our technology.” That’s from her book. The title of the book -- ironically – is “hard choices.”
In reality, we now know that she chose to use her private email overseas, in countries hostile to the United States and that have sophisticated hacking capability. Although her system was so remarkably primitive the FBI could not figure out whether or not it had been hacked, we know that the emails of people with whom she communicated were hacked.
About her emails we have to ask ourselves the infamous question that she asked about the death of four Americans in Benghazi – “what difference, at this point, does it make?”
Well, it makes a big difference.
This is the only country in the world that was founded on a law – the Constitution.
Hillary is running for an office – the presidency -- whose powers and duties are defined by that law. The most important power that law gives the president is to be commander in chief of the armed forces – to protect the country.
That law imposes on the president the duty to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” That law – the Constitution – specifically requires that before taking up those powers and duties, the president swear to “faithfully execute” the office, and “preserve, protect and defend” the Constitution.
Hillary Clinton took a similar oath before she became secretary of state.
What that means is that Hillary Clinton is asking us, as Americans, to make her the first president to take the oath of office after already violating that oath.
Our message for anyone watching these proceedings should be simple: NO WAY
03:27:57
Andy Wist
Thank you. It’s great to be here.
It’s been a lot of fun the last few days watching the media speculate about me.
Who's “Andy Wist?” they all asked.
Somebody said I was Batman.
That's Adam West, dummy!
Some of these reporters need to get a life!
Look, you want to know who Andy Wist is?
I’ll tell you. I’m living proof that the American Dream is real.
I grew up in Brooklyn and started a business in my mother’s backyard when I was 21 Standard Waterproofing.
We restore building exteriors.
Today we have 140 employees.
Not as big as Mr. Trump’s company, but still pretty good, right?
I’m also the trustee of Teamsters Local 522, because like Donald Trump and Mike Pence, I believe that working men and women still matter in this country and we have to look out for them.
After 8 years of President Obama, I don’t see the American Dream like I did when I was starting out.
All I see is too many people out of work too many jobs shipped overseas and too many politicians who don’t care.
It’s a mess
Who’s going to fix it?
Hillary Clinton?
After 30 years in public life her only accomplishment is beating the rap every time she breaks the law.
Donald Trump is a builder.
He’s a leader who will bring us together
He’ll make America work again, so we can believe again.
I’m not a big important person. I’m just a regular guy.
I love my family.
I love my country.
I’ve lived a great life.
But I’m not going to be around forever. Neither will you.
This November, we get to decide what kind of world we leave behind.
When I’m gone, I want my children, your children, and our grandchildren to be able to live the American Dream like I have.
And the only way we keep the American Dream alive is by electing Donald Trump president.
Thank you!
03:30:35
Ron Johnson
What difference, at this point, does it make? I am the guy that provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question: "Why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the survivors?"
But instead of doing that, she hatched her cover-up story and repeatedly lied to the American people. She even lied to the surviving family members of America's fallen heroes. Think about that for a moment.
And, of course, Hillary’s cold, calculated lying continues. If we can't trust her to tell us the truth, how can we possibly trust her to lead America?
So let me tell you -- and Hillary Clinton -- what difference it does makes when America's leaders cannot be trusted -- when our commander in chief fails miserably by employing a strategy of peace through withdrawal instead of achieving peace through strength.
It makes a difference to the young Yazidi woman I met who was captured and brutalized by ISIS barbarians, the joy of life hauntingly absent in her eyes.
It makes a difference to the travelers, passing through airports in Brussels and Istanbul, who just wanted to get home to their family and friends.
It makes a difference to the ordinary Americans sharing holiday cheer at a Christmas party in San Bernardino.
It makes a difference to the young men and women dancing on a summer night at a club in Orlando.
And it makes a difference to the families watching fireworks at a celebration of freedom in Nice.
These are just a few examples of Islamic terrorists, let me repeat that -- ISLAMIC TERRORISTS -- slaughtering and brutalizing their innocent victims.
When will America effectively respond to this terrible reality? We certainly won't if Democrats win in November.
In Wisconsin, I'm running against Russ Feingold, who, even after 9/11, voted against giving law enforcement the tools they need to help stop international terror. During his eighteen year Senate career, he also voted against authorizing our military eleven separate times. And now he's asking Wisconsinites to give him a fourth term -- just as Hillary Clinton is asking America to give her Obama's third term.
The world is simply too dangerous to elect either of them. Instead, America needs strong leadership.
Leaders who will jumpstart our economy, secure our borders, strengthen our military, and accomplish the goal President Obama set over twenty-two months ago: We must defeat ISIS, and then remain fully committed to destroying Islamic terrorists wherever they hide.
It doesn't have to be like this -- we shouldn't have to live in fear.
This is a fight for freedom.
It's not someone else's fight, this is our fight. And it is a fight we absolutely must win.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence understand that these must be America's top priorities.
They will be strong leaders, working with Republicans in the House and Senate to achieve a goal that can unite us all: A safe, prosperous, and secure America.
Our future hangs in the balance.
We must unify, work tirelessly, and together, save this great nation.
So God Bless your efforts, and God Bless America.
03:35:55
Chris Cox
I want to talk to you tonight about a very personal freedom: your right to protect your life.
Because as much as we don’t like to think about it, we live in dangerous times.
We’re worried, and we have reason to be.
Because we know government has failed to keep us safe.
You have to be able to protect yourself and your family. And that’s what the Second Amendment is all about.
Imagine a young mother at home with her baby, when a violent predator kicks in the door. He's a three-time loser who never should have been released from prison early. But he was, because some politician wanted to show their "compassion". So what's she going to do?
She'll dial 911...and pray. The police will do their absolute best to get there quickly. But their average response time is 11 minutes.
Should she be able to defend herself with a firearm in her own home? My fellow Americans, that question is on the ballot in November.
Here’s why.
Eight years ago, the Supreme Court ruled that we have a fundamental, individual right to protect ourselves and our families with a firearm in our own homes.
They should’ve ruled it nine-to-nothing, but the Second Amendment survived by just one vote. After Justice Scalia's death, that vote is gone.
Here’s where Hillary Clinton stands.
She said, quote, “the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment.”
Think about that. All the Supreme Court said was you have the right to protect your life in your own home. Hillary says they got it wrong. It's that simple...a Hillary Clinton Supreme Court means your right to own a firearm is gone.
Make no mistake: this election isn’t about the next four years. It’s about the next forty years, so voting for Hillary Clinton, or not voting, is simply not an option.
What’s so outrageous is that for the rest of her life, Hillary Clinton will never even think about dialing 9-1-1.
For thirty years, she hasn’t taken a walk, a nap or a bathroom break without a good guy with a gun there to protect her.
So it’s easy for her to dismiss a right she will never have to use. But for the rest of us, the choice to own a firearm is ours to make.
And in America, there cannot be one set of rules for the Clintons, and another set for us.
But here’s Hillary’s problem.
American women are the fastest-growing group of gun owners. Millions own firearms. And millions more are thinking about it. It’s not Hillary Clinton who says women should have that choice. It’s Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is a life member of the NRA and so are his sons, Don and Eric because we’re the largest and oldest civil rights organization in America.
We fight for the rights of all Americans, regardless of race, religion or sexual orientation because the right to protect your life is the most precious right you have.
If you agree you have to vote for Donald Trump.
If you believe women have the right to choose to own a firearm for themselves, you HAVE to vote for Donald Trump.
Friends, the 5 million men and women of the NRA will fight without apology for your right to protect your life.
But we are on the cusp of losing this great American freedom and with it this great nation.
The only way we save it, the only way we save it is by electing Donald Trump the next President of the United States.
03:40:38
Natalie Gulbis
Thank you.
I appreciate this incredible opportunity to speak to you about a man that I greatly admire, a man I have found to be gracious, generous, and inspiring.
I must begin, however, by saying there is a great deal of irony that I am speaking to you tonight because when I earned my Tour Card sixteen years ago, I was told there's only two things you don't talk about in public: Faith  and politics.
Well, tonight, I am prepared to violate both those admonitions as I stand before you at the Republican National Convention as a Christian woman.
I believe that God's timing is perfect: He puts people in our lives to help us make a positive impact on those around us and to help us achieve our goals.
One of those people for me, is Donald Trump.
The first time I played golf with him in 2005, I shared two things that I’d told countless CEOs, billionaires, and politicians before him: One, I had a dream to open up a Boys and Girls Club; and two, I was deeply frustrated about being treated differently as a woman overlooked and underpaid in business.
These words previously fell on deaf, all-be-it well-intentioned ears but that day was different.
They finally fell on ears that cared enough to take action.
I’m proud to tell you, that with Donald's help, I opened up the Natalie Gulbis, Boys and Girls Club.
In response to my frustrations about being treated unfairly as a woman, he adamantly rejected that notion and instead, offered me a simple idea that changed my life forever: "Never fear challenging the status quo.”
He’s encouraged me to think of myself not as a female athlete, but as a business person.
“In everything you do, be fearless,” he’d remind me. “Be fearless.”
As an athlete, fearlessness came naturally to me; but as a business woman, I faced challenges that weren’t always on a level playing field. Even today, I face challenges and Donald remains a consistent voice encouraging me to stand up to gender injustices and to LEAN IN to any professional challenges that come my way.
I hope you take these principles about generosity and fearlessness and that they can have a similar impact for you in your life... like they have had in mine.
Ronald Reagan said, "Status quo is Latin for the mess we're in."
And while I believe that this is the greatest time to be a woman in the greatest country in the history of the world, I have no delusions that there isn't a mess to clean up and we desperately need someone to clean up this mess.
That person is Donald Trump.
If one’s history of fearlessness and challenging the status quo is an indicator for meaningful progress, then Donald Trump is the person to bring that to America.
Thank you
03:47:25
Mitch McConnell
Ladies and gentlemen, I’ve been around a while.
And I’ve been around the Clintons more than anybody should ever have to. A couple years ago, Bill and Hillary camped out in my state telling anybody who’d listen why they ought to vote against me. Tonight I’m here to return the favor.
I am a patient man. As a young child in the South, I was struck with polio and forced to stay off my feet for two years.
That experience taught me an abiding gratitude for my parents. And it taught me how to wait, which comes in handy when you’re leading the U.S. Senate.
More than anything, though, my job has taught me the value of trust how to distinguish between people who are in this to serve others and people who are in it for themselves.
I am here to tell you Hillary Clinton will say anything, do anything, and be anything to get elected president.
And we cannot allow it.
The American People are tired of hearing about the bounty of government while the cost of caring for a family or meeting daily expenses grows out of reach.
Over the past few years, they’ve seen government officials abuse their office and get rewarded for it. They’ve seen the middle class shrink.
And in the midst of all this they have raised a simple complaint. Who is looking out for us?
It is not Hillary
I’ve had my differences with Barack Obama, but l will give him this. At least he was up front about his plans to move America to the left.
Not Hillary
She lied about her emails. She lied about her server. She lied about Benghazi. She lied about sniper fire.
She even lied about why her parents named her Hillary. So I ask a simple question.
At a moment when so many feel betrayed by their government.
Wy in the world would Democrats put forward such a candidate?
Hillary has changed her positions so many times it’s impossible to tell where conviction ends and ambition begins.
In 2010, she said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said she’s always argued against it.
Once a backer of the Keystone pipeline, last year she opposed it. She used to be against sanctuary cities.
Then she claimed to be for them. Who knows where she is now.
Friends, not since Baghdad Bob has there been a public figure with such a tortured relationship with the truth.
There is a clear choice before us. And it is not Hillary.
You know what the next four years will look like with Hillary.
And you know that if Hillary is president, we will continue to slide, distracted by the scandals that follow the Clintons like flies.
Two years ago, voters delivered a clear verdict on the Obama years by sending a freshmen class of rock star Republicans to the Senate and delivering us a majority that I promised to make you proud of.
We’d never hesitate to confront this President.
But we’d also do the hard work of tackling urgent problems head on. We have delivered on that promise.
We put an Obamacare repeal bill on the President’s desk. He vetoed it.
Trump would sign it.
We passed a bill to finally build the Keystone Pipeline. He vetoed it.
Trump would sign it.
We passed a bill to defund Planned Parenthood. Obama vetoed it. Trump would sign it.
And on that sad day when we lost the great Antonin Scalia, I made another pledge that Barack Obama would not fill this seat. That honor will go to Donald Trump.
With Donald Trump in the White House, Senate Republicans will build on the work we’ve done and pass more bills into law than any Senate in years.
We passed the first major education reform in more than a decade, and ended common core.
We made the first significant reforms to Social Security in three decades. We passed a crucial cybersecurity bill.
We imposed sanctions on North Korea
We passed the first major highway bill in more than a decade.
We passed a bill to combat the scourge of human trafficking.
And just last week we passed, and the president signed, the first major law aimed at confronting the heartbreaking explosion of opioid and heroin abuse.
Keep the Senate in Republican hands and we will continue this work.
And the remarkable public servants that I am proud to lead in the Senate will not let you down.
But put Hillary Clinton in the White House and I promise you this.
She will double down on the cynical approach that Senate Democrats seem to revel in these days.
Here’s what I mean.
As we sit here tonight, a terrifying mosquito-borne illness threatens expectant mothers and their babies along the Southern Coast.
And just last week, Clinton Democrats in the Senate blocked a bill aimed at eradicating that virus before it spread.
They blocked a defense funding bill. A bill that would support the brave men and women who are right now defending us overseas.
What do these people think public service is about? I don’t know.
But I know this. If Hillary Clinton is our president, nothing will change. So tonight, I ask you to let us continue our work.
Let’s put justices on the Supreme Court who cherish our Constitution. Let's keep the Senate!
And let's elect a President and Vice President who really believe America is exceptional.
03:54:42
Dan Sullivan
Hello Republicans! I’m Dan Sullivan, from the great state of Alaska.
I’m proud to be standing here tonight with my fellow freshman Senators. This is who we are: Governors and doctors, educators and ministers, CEOs and hog farmers, moms and dads
We have served in the United States Army and the United States Marines.
And now we serve America in the United States Senate. In 2014, YOU made this happen.
Republicans all across the country, coming together, who wanted new energy in the Senate, and who wanted to fire Harry Reid.
And that’s EXACTLY what we did.
In 2016, we need to keep that momentum going!
We need to keep the Senate, and win back the White House.
We will put coal miners and oil drillers back to work, not target them for extinction as Hillary promised.
We MUST reignite economic opportunity and the American dream for everybody.
And TOGETHER we WILL make America great again
03:57:40
Paul Ryan
Thank you all very much.
Delegates, friends, and fellow citizens: I appreciate the privilege of addressing this forty-first convention of the Party of Lincoln.
As part of my co-chairman duties, let me thank all the people of this beautiful city for looking after us this week. And above all I want to thank the men and women here from law enforcement for your service.
You know, standing up here again, it all has a familiar feel. Students of trivia will recall that last time around I was your nominee for vice president. It was a great honor, even if things didn’t work out quite according to plan.
But hey, I’m a positive guy. I’ve found other things to keep me busy. And I like to look at it this way. Next time there’s a State of the Union address, I don’t know where Joe Biden and Barack Obama will be. But you’ll find me right there on the rostrum with Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump.
Democracy is a series of choices. We Republicans have made ours.
Have we had our arguments this year? Sure we have – and you know what I call those? Signs of life. Signs of a party that’s not just going through the motions. Not just mouthing new words for the same old stuff.
Meanwhile, what choice has the other party made, in this incredible year filled with so many surprises?
Here we are, at a time when men and women in both parties so clearly, so undeniably, want a big change in direction for America, a clean break from a failed system. And what does the Democratic Party establishment offer? What is their idea of a clean break?
They are offering a third Obama term, brought to you by another Clinton. And we’re supposed to be excited about that?
For a country so ready for change, it feels like we had been cleared for takeoff, and then somebody announced we’re all going back to the gate.
It’s like we’ve been on hold forever, waiting and waiting to finally talk to a real person, and somehow we’ve been sent back to the main menu.
Watch the Democratic Party convention next week – that four-day infomercial of politically correct moralizing. And let it be a reminder of all that is at stake in this election. You can get through four days of it, with a little help from the mute button. But four more years of it?
Not a chance. The Obama years are almost over. The Clinton years are way over.
Two-thousand sixteen is the year America moves on.
From now to November, we will hear how many different ways progressive elitists can find to talk down to the rest of America to tell voters that the Obama years have been good for you that you should be grateful, and now, well, it’s Hillary’s turn.
But the problem is very simple. There is a reason people in our country are disappointed and restless.
If opportunity seems like it’s been slipping away, that’s because it has. And liberal progressive ideas have done exactly nothing to help. Wages never seem to go up.
The whole economy feels stuck. And for millions of Americans, middle-class security is now just a memory.
Progressives like our president talk forever about poverty in America. And if high-sounding talk did any good, we’d have overcome these deep problems long ago.
This explains why, under the most liberal president we’ve had so far, poverty in America is worse – especially for our fellow citizens who were promised better and need it most.
The result is a record of discarded promises empty gestures phony strawman arguments reforms put off forever shady power plays, like the one that gave us Obamacare constitutional limits brushed off as nothing and, all the while, dangers in the world downplayed, even as the threats grow bolder and come closer.
It’s the latest chapter of an old story: progressives deliver everything except progress.
Yet we know better than to think that Republicans can win only on the failures of Democrats. It still comes down to the contest of ideas. Which is really good news, ladies and gentlemen, because when it’s about ideas, the advantage goes to us.
Against the dreary backdrop of arrogant bureaucracies pointless mandates reckless borrowing willful retreat in the world and all that progressives still have in store for us, the Republican Party stands as the great, enduring alternative.
We believe in making government, as Ronald Reagan said, not the distributor of gifts and privilege, but once again the protector of our liberties.
Let the other party go on making its case for more government control over every aspect of our lives – more taxes to pay more debt to carry more rules to follow more judges who just make it up as they go along.
We, in this party, are committed to a federal government that acts again as a servant accountable to the people, following the Constitution, and venturing not one inch beyond the consent of the governed.
We, in this party, offer a better way for our country, based on fundamentals that go back to the Founding generation. We believe in a free society where aspiration and effort can make the difference in every life where your starting point is not your destiny and where your first chance is not your only chance.
We offer a better way for America, with ideas that actually work. A reformed tax code that rewards free enterprise, instead of just enterprising lobbyists.
A reformed health care system that operates by free choice, instead of by force, and doesn’t leave you answering to cold, clueless bureaucrats.
A renewed commitment to building a 21st-Century military – and to giving our veterans the care they were promised, the care that they have earned.
And we offer a better way of dealing with persistent poverty in this country: A way that shows poor Americans the world beyond liberal warehousing and check writing into the life everyone can find, with opportunity and independence the happiness of using your gifts, and the dignity of having a job.
And you know what? None of this will happen under Hillary Clinton.
Only with Donald Trump and Mike Pence do we have a chance at a better way.
And, last, let the other party go on and on with its constant dividing up of people always playing one group against the other, as if group identity were everything.
In America, aren’t we all supposed to see beyond class, or ethnicity, or all those other lines drawn to set us apart and lock us in groups?
Real social progress is always a widening of the circle of concern and protection. It’s respect and empathy overtaking blindness and indifference. It’s understanding that by the true measure we are all neighbors and countrymen – called, each one of us, to know what is right and kind and just, and to go and do likewise.
Everyone is equal everyone has a place no one is written off, because there is worth and goodness in every life.
Straight from the Declaration of Independence, that is the Republican ideal – and if we won’t defend it, who will?
So much that you and I care about, so many things we stand for, are in the balance in the coming election. Whatever we lack going into this campaign, we should not lack for motivation. In the plainest terms I know, it is all on the line.
So let’s act that way. Let’s use the edge we have, because it is still what earns trust and votes. This year of surprises and dramatic turns can end in the finest possible way – when America elects a conservative governing majority.
We can do this, we can earn that mandate, if we don’t hold anything back, if we never lose sight of the stakes. Our candidates will be giving their all, their utmost, and every one of us has got to do the same.
So what do you say we unite this party, at this crucial moment when unity is everything?
Let’s take the fight to our opponents with better ideas – let’s get on the offensive and let’s stay there.
Let’s compete in every part of America, and turn out at the polls like every last vote matters, because it will.
Fellow Republicans, what we have begun here, let’s see it through let’s win this thing let’s show America our best and nothing less.
Thank you, and God bless.
04:10:26
Kevin McCarthy
Thank you.
We have listened and you have told us,  ENOUGH. ENOUGH of feeling like your government is ignoring you. ENOUGH of Washington bailouts and handouts.
ENOUGH of feeling less safe and less secure in a more dangerous world where the bad guys are winning and the good guys are losing.
But I have good news -- in just one hundred and twelve days,  it’s over. In this election the stakes have never been higher.
Do we settle for the path we are on? Or do we take a better way?
Republicans believe that families who work hard should get ahead. Republicans believe in an America that isn’t divided by race,  religion,  or gender. Republicans believe that America only works if we put your interests above the special interests.
But that’s not what has happened over the past eight years.
For eight years we have had a President who promised us so much but delivered so little. The lies we were told about Obamacare.
The destruction of jobs and entire industries. The empowerment of Iran and the rise of ISIS. Republicans have a better way. We have a plan to fix it.
In our Republican agenda,  our enemies will fear us. Our taxes will be fairer.
People can afford the health care they want. The people’s voice will be heard. Government will help those who truly need it and allow everyone an opportunity to rise.
So to all those left behind by economic forces out of your control,  we hear you
To those attacked for your beliefs,  we hear you!
To a nation that sees chaos spreading across America and across the globe,  we hear you. And for our men and women in uniform,  we hear you. As a matter of principle you will have the very best America has to offer.
Those who fought on the front lines should NEVER have to wait in line. There is a better way.
But this Republican agenda can only be realized if we disrupt the status quo. And let’s face it -- Hillary Clinton is the definition of the status quo.
We need a leader who shapes the future.
The Democrats won’t bring that future because they are stuck in the past.
When innovation has brought more power to the people,  Democrats want more power for Washington.
When innovation advances technology,  Hillary Clinton uses it to put American secrets at risk.
This is not the path for our country.
In these difficult times I remember the words of President Ronald Reagan when he described America as that shining city upon the hill.
Together,  by electing a Republican Congress,  Donald Trump,  and Mike Pence.
We can build a better America and make that shining city upon the hill bright again.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.
04:15:46
Chris Christie
Good evening. Good evening.
I am here tonight not only as the governor of New Jersey, but also as Donald trump’s friend for the last 14 years. We are about to be led by not only a strong leader but by a caring, genuine, and decent person.
I’m proud to say that the voice of the people of our nation is being heard in this hall tonight and those voices want Donald Trump to be the next President of the United States.
But everybody, this election is not just about Donald Trump. No, It’s also about his Democratic opponent, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Now, in the past few weeks, we’ve seen the Justice Department refuse to prosecute her. Over the last eight years, we’ve seen this administration refuse to hold her accountable for her dismal record as Secretary of State. So, let’s do something fun tonight. Tonight, as a former Federal Prosecutor, I welcome the opportunity to hold Hillary Rodham Clinton accountable for her performance and her character.
Now…
All right, all right, we’re getting there. Give me a few more minutes, we’ll get there.
Here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to present the facts to you. You, tonight, sitting as a jury of her peers, both in this hall and in your living rooms, around our nation. You see, since the Justice Department refuses to allow you to render a verdict, I’m going to present the case now, on the facts, against Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Now, she was America’s Chief Diplomat. So, let’s look around the world at the violence and the danger, today, in every region that has been infected by her flawed judgment. But, I’m going to be specific so that you can render your verdict tonight on the basis of facts.
Let’s go to North Africa. She was the Chief Engineer of the disaster overthrow of Gadhafi in Libya. Libya today, after Hillary Clinton’s grand strategy, their economies in ruins, there’s death and violence in the streets, and ISIS is now dominating that country. So, I’m going to ask you this. Hillary Clinton, as a failure for ruining Libya and creating a nest for terrorist activity for ISIS, answer me now, is she guilty or not guilty?
In Nigeria, Hillary Clinton amazingly fought for two years to keep an Al Qaida affiliate off of the terrorist watch list. Now, what happens because of this reckless action by the candidate who is the self-proclaimed champion of women all around the world. These Al Qaida terrorists abducted hundreds of innocent young women two years ago. These school girls are still missing today. And what was the solution from the Obama-Clinton team? A hashtag campaign.
So, now let’s figure it out. Let’s decide. Hillary Clinton, as an apologist for an Al Qaida affiliate in Nigeria, resulting in the capture of innocent young women, is she guilty or not guilty?
See, she fights for the wrong people. She never fights for us. She doesn’t get the real threats that America faces.
So, now let’s go to China. In China, Hillary Clinton praised the Chinese government for buying our debt to finance Barack Obama’s bloated stimulus plan. She was so desperate for Chinese cash, she promised to oppose the buy American provision in the stimulus bill in exchange for the cash to finance a huge expansion of federal government spending.
So, Hillary Clinton, putting big government spending financed by the Chinese ahead of good paying jobs for middle class Americans, is she guilty or not guilty?
Let’s go to Syria. In Syria, imagine this. Imagine this. She called President Assad a reformer. She called Assad a different kind of leader. There’s now 400,000 dead. Think about that. Four-hundred thousand dead. At the hands of the man that Hillary defended.
So, we must ask this question. Hillary Clinton, as an awful judge of the character of a dictator and butcher in the middle east. Is she guilty or not guilty?
Next, next in Iran. She launched a negotiations that brought about the worst nuclear deal in history. Let me be clear. America and the world are measurably less safe unless respected because of the Iran deal that Hillary helped cut. Period. After she launched those negotiations, she became the biggest cheerleader for this agreement in the end. It’s a deal that will lead to a nuclear Iran. An Israel that will be less safe and secure. And a much more dangerous Middle East.
So, let’s ask it. Hillary Clinton, as an inept negotiator of the worst nuclear arms deal in American history, is she guilty or not guilty?
Next, Next. Oh believe me, we’re not done yet. The indictment is hardly complete.
Next, let’s go to Russia. She went to the Kremlin on her very first visit, and gave them that stupid, symbolic reset button. You know what I think that button should have read? It should have read, delete. You know, she’s very good at that, by the way.
And it should have read delete because, she deleted, in four years, the safety and security it took us to build in 40 years. The next year, she said our goal, America’s goal was to strengthen Russia. Strengthen an adversary led by a dictator who dreams of reassembling the old Soviet empire. What an extraordinarily dangerous lack of judgment.
So, once again, we need to ask, as a flawed evaluator of dictators that failed strategists, who has permitted Russia back in as a major player in the Middle East, is Hillary Clinton guilty or not guilty?
Now, now, we go to Cuba. Hillary Clinton supported concessions to the Castro brothers, and got almost nothing in return for ending the embargo. She supported a deal that didn’t even require this murderous regime to return a cop killer, JoAnne Chesimard to face justice. See, I know about this personally. JoAnne Chesimard murdered a New Jersey state trooper in cold blood, fled to Cuba, and lives there under Cuban protection to this very day.
I want to ask you. How can someone live with their own conscious when you reward a domestic terrorist with continued safety and at the same time betray the family of a fallen police officer, waiting for decades for justice for his murder? So let’s ask the question. Hillary Clinton, as a coddler of the brutal Castro brothers and betrayer of the family of fall state trooper, Werner Foerster and his family. Is she guilty or not guilty?
Now, finally. Finally, here at home in one of her first decisions as Secretary of State. She set up a private e-mail server in her basement in violation of our national security. Let’s face the facts. Hillary Clinton cared more about protecting her own secrets than she cared about protecting America’s secrets.
And then, she lied about it, over, and over, and over again. She said, there was no marked classified information on her server. The FBI director said, that’s untrue. She said that she did not e-mail any classified information. The FBI Director says, that’s untrue. She said, all work-related e-mails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI Director said, that’s not true.
So, I say, Hillary Clinton, the charge of putting herself ahead of America, guilty or not guilty?
I got another question for you. I got another question for you. I say, Hillary Clinton, lying to the American people about her selfish, awful judgment in making our secrets vulnerable. What’s your verdict, guilty or not guilty?
Now, time, time after time after time. The facts and just the facts lead you to the same verdict. Both around the world and here at home. In Libya, in Nigeria, Guilty. In China and Syria.
In Iran and Russia and Cuba.
And here at home, for risking America’s secrets to keep her own and lying to cover it all up?
Her focus group tested persona with no genuineness to be found, is a shame. Meant to obscure all the facts and leave you able to vote for her. We cannot promote someone to Commander in Chief who is made the world a more violent and dangerous place with every bad judgment she’s made. We cannot make the Chief Law Enforcement Officer of the United States, someone who has risked America’s secrets and lied to the American people about it, day after day after day.
Here it is everybody. We didn’t disqualify Hillary Clinton to be President of the United States, the facts of her life and career disqualify her.
See, I can tell that everybody in this hall agrees with this. But, I want to take our last moments here to talk to all of you at home. In your living rooms, sitting there tonight. You’re the one’s who will decide this election. We have an alternative. We have a man who is unafraid. We have a man who wants to lead us. We have a man who understands the frustrations and the aspirations of our fellow citizens. We have a man who judges people based on their performance, regardless of your gender, your race, your ethnic or religious background. I implore you. We do not need to settle for less in this election. We can not reward incompetence and deceit. We need to demand more than what Hillary Clinton offers for America. Because see, we know exactly what four years of Hillary Clinton will bring. All the failures of the Obama years, but with less charm and more lies.
Tonight, those of us in this hall and the people at home. It is our obligation to stop Hillary Clinton now and never let her get within ten miles of the White House again.
It is time to come together and make sure that Donald Trump is the next President of the United States.
I am proud to be part of this team. Now let’s go out and win this thing together. Let’s go get them.
Good night.
04:31:46
Tiffany Trump
Thank you all so much. It's so amazing to be here with you tonight, and to say a few words about my father, and your nominee for president. Please excuse me if I'm a little nervous. When I graduated college a couple months ago, I never expected to be here tonight, addressing the nation. I've given a few speeches in front of classrooms of students, but never in an arena, with more than 10 million people watching. But like my father, I never back down from challenges, so here I am, a little new to the convention scene, but incredibly honored, and very confident in the good man that America is coming to know. It's often said that with enough effort and determination, you can do whatever you put your mind to, but saying those words and living them are different things, and my father has lived them. It's one of his defining qualities and I've seen it in action all of my life. Whatever he does, he gives his all and does it well. His desire for excellence is contagious. He possesses a unique gift for bringing out that trait out in others, starting with those closest to him.
He's always helped me be the best version of myself, by encouragement and by example. He motivates me to work my hardest and to always stay true to who I am and what I believe. That's what he does — he draws out the talent and drive in people so that they can achieve their full potential. That's a great quality to have in a father, and better yet, in the president of the United States. As a recent college graduate, many of my accomplishments are still to come, but my dad takes such pride in all that I've done so far, no matter how big or how small. I still keep all of my report cards, some dating back to kindergarten, because I like to look back and see the sweet notes he wrote on each and everyone of them. Contrary to what you might expect from someone who places an emphasis on results, my dad's comments referred often to the sentiments expressed by my teachers about how I acted in and out of the classroom — just not even focusing on the letter grades themselves.
Donald Trump has never done anything halfway, least of all as a parent. My father always asked about my family in Georgia, to make sure that they are healthy and safe. My uncle served in Vietnam, and my 97-year-old great-grandfather served in World War II. I believe the measure of a person is revealed in their darkest times. For me, the measure of a parent is based on how they support and bolster you when you are down. A few years ago, someone very dear to me passed away, and the first call I got — as I knew I would — came from my father. Without his unwavering support and care for me during such a challenging time, I don't know how I would have made it through. As so many know, it is the small loving acts that help an enormous amount in times of grief.
My father is good with advice, as you might guess, but he keeps it short, and the takeaway is usually the same: to help us find our own way and our own gifts. If you do what you love, hold nothing back, and never let fear of failure get in the way, then you've pretty much figured out the Trump formula. My dad is a natural born encourager, the last person who will ever tell you to lower your sights or give up your dream. I always looked forward to introducing him to my friends, especially the ones with preconceived notions because they meet a man with natural charm and no facade. In person my father is so friendly, so considerate, so funny, and so real. My friends walk away with a glimpse of all that he is, and all that he means to me — of the strong, protective, kind, endearing man I am so proud to call my father. I never pictured myself saying all of this to a packed arena, but I'm grateful and fortunate for the chance. I have admired my father for all of my life and I love him with all of my heart. God bless you, and thank you.
04:37:00
Kerry Woolard
Donald Trump is a man of vision: he isn’t a wide eyed dreamer, but someone who sees what others don’t, and turns that vision into reality, making life better for people and communities across the nation.
I have experienced this firsthand at The Trump Winery and Hotel, which I manage.
When Donald Trump purchased the winery in 2011 it was in receivership. Quickly and decisively he went to work: building the hotel, replanting vines, and making it a world class destination and the largest vineyard in Virginia.
Today we directly employ more than 100 people and support countless other entrepreneurs, contractors, and suppliers throughout the region.
We generate millions in revenue and millions more in taxes, and have a regional economic impact of nearly $50 million a year which has further strengthened and sustained the community in which our employees and I live
At the winery the returns have been impressive, with nearly 100 percent sales growth in just five years. I’ve not just seen this happen: I’ve helped make it happen, and I can tell you it would not have happened without Donald Trump and his family.
Let me be clear: it was not easy, and it was not inevitable.
It took a team of hard working, dedicated employees: but it takes more than hard work alone.
Our success would not have come to pass without the leadership and the vision of the Trumps.
You often hear Donald Trump talk, but what you don’t see is when he listens. He and his son Eric listen attentively and ask questions that lead to engaged,
informed decisions based on the expert knowledge of those who have earned their trust.
That trust is rewarded not just with compensation but with authority and resources.
The Trumps have also given a gift to those who know them, an approach and an outlook to life by which will always guide me.
Because of them I now think bigger, and in ways I thought might not even be possible.
Donald Trump has told me that a person’s own work ethic and drive are the only limitations to success.
I now believe that and know it to be true.
This isn’t just a platitude: at Trump Winery it is real, and I’ll tell you it is rare.
It’s been accompanied by respect for my accomplishments, and the opportunity to develop and grow professionally.
That is a direct result of the Trumps' leadership: leadership that we now need more today, more than ever, in our country.
04:42:42
Donald Trump, Jr.
Good evening. I'm Donald Trump Jr. Thank you. I'm the father of five young children, from two-year-old Chloe to Kai who just turned nine. I'm the husband to Vanessa, an amazing wife and mother, and the son of a great man. I'm an American, and tonight I want to talk to you about the country we live in; the country our children will grow up in. To my generation, this is the most important election of our lifetime, one that will determine the future of our country and, in turn, the future of the world.
For too long, our country has ignored its problems, punting them down the road for future generations to deal with. In business, I was trained by my father to make the tough investments and decisions today to ensure a better future for tomorrow. We've actually started to believe that solving our great problems is an impossible task, and that's why we need to elect a man who has a track record of accomplishing the impossible.
For the first time, parents no longer think that their kids will be as well of as we were. We've lost the confidence in our leaders and the faith in our institutions. But remember one thing: we're still Americans, we're still one country, and we're going to get it all back. We're going to get it back better than ever before. I know we'll get it back because I know my father.
I know we'll get it back because I know my father. I know that when people tell him it can't be done that guarantees that he gets it done. I know that when someone tells him that something is impossible, that's what triggers him into action.
When people told him it was impossible for a boy from Queens to go to Manhattan and take on developers in the big city, rather than give up he changed the skyline of New York.
I've seen it time and time again, that look in his eyes when someone says it can't be done. I saw that look a little over a year ago when he was told he couldn't possibly succeed in politics. Yes, he did.
For my father, impossible is just the starting point. That's how he approaches business projects, that's how he approaches life, whether it's teaching his granddaughter how to swing a golf club, or tackling the toughest negotiations, he's always fully committed.
That's why the person who had never run for office before stood on the stage 11 months ago in this very arena with 16 professional politicians and this week that same man will stand before you as our party's nominee for the president of the United States of America.
As a proud son and family member, it was one of the great honors of my life to be able to put him over the top in the delegate count earlier today.
His unrelenting determination is why he's going to become our next president and why I know that when my father says he can fix the country he means it.
You want to know what kind of president he'll be? Let me tell you how he ran his businesses, and I know because I was there with him by his side on job sites, in conference rooms from the time I could walk.
He didn't hide out behind some desk in an executive suite, he spent his career with regular Americans. He hung out with the guys on construction sites pouring concrete and hanging sheetrock. He listened to them and he valued their opinions as much and often more than the guys from Harvard and Wharton locked away in offices away from the real work.
He's recognized the talent and the drive that all Americans have. He's promoted people based on their character, their street smarts and their work ethic, not simply paper or credentials. To this day, many of the top executives in our company are individuals that started out in positions that were blue collar, but he saw something in them and he pushed them to succeed.
His true gift as a leader is that he sees the potential in people that they don't even see in themselves...
...The potential that other executives would overlook because their resumes don't include the names of fancy colleges and degrees.
I know he values those workers and those qualities in people because those are the individuals he had my siblings and me work under when we started out. That he would trust his own children's formative years to these men and women says all you need to know about Donald Trump.
We didn't learn from MBAs, we learned from people who had doctorates in common sense.
Guys like Vinnie Stellio, who taught us how to drive heavy equipment, operate tractors and chainsaws, who worked his way through the ranks to become a trusted adviser of my father. It's why we're the only children of billionaires as comfortable in a D10 Caterpillar as we are in our own cars.
My father knew that those were the guys and gals that would teach us the dignity of hard work from a very young age. He knows that at that heart of the American dream is the idea that whoever we are, wherever we're from we can get ahead, where everyone can prosper together.
The other party also tells us they believe in the American dream, they say we should worry about economic inequality and immobility. You know what? They're right. But they don't tell you that it was their policies that caused the problem and it was their policies that have no accountability.
They gave us the worst immigration system in the world, one that imports immobility, one that drives down employment and wages for Hispanic Americans, for African Americans and for everyone, an immigration system that favors illegals over those trying to go through the process legally and, at times, even over law-abiding citizens.
It was Bernie Sanders himself who warned that a large tide of new workers keeps wages low and poverty high.
The other party gave us public schools that far too often fail our students, especially those who have no options. Growing up, my siblings and I we were truly fortunate to have choices and options that others don't have. We want all Americans to have those same opportunities.
Our schools used to be an elevator to the middle class, now they're stalled on the ground floor. They're like Soviet-era department stores that are run for the benefit of the clerks and not the customers, for the teachers and the administrators and not the students. You know why other countries do better on K through 12? They let parents choose where to send their own children to school. That's called competition. It's called the free market. And it's what the other party fears.
They fear it because they're more concerned about protecting the jobs of tenured teachers than serving the students in desperate need of a good education.
They want to run everything top-down from Washington. They tell us they're the experts and they know what's best.
The other party gave us a regulatory state on steroids. Dodd- Frank was a thousand pages long and it's already spun off 22,000 pages in regulations.
Imagine trying to digest all that before you even open your doors for business. That doesn't help consumers. What it does is destroy small business in favor of big businesses who can afford the vast number of lawyers and accountants needed to comply. Dodd-Frank is consumer protection for billionaires.
We've produced the thickest network of patronage and influence of any country at any time in world history. It's composed of a self- satisfied people at the top, our new aristocrats. We can't live that way any longer, it's too risky.
Let me talk a little bit about risks. The other party is the party of risk. I've spent time with many great Americans who have served this country in the military, and they know what's at stake. When we have weak leaders in positions of power, Americans risking their lives for our freedoms are less safe.
You know, almost daily I get a call or a text from a real American hero. His name is Mark Geist and I'm proud to call him a friend.
Mark was part of the security team at the annex on our grounds at the consulate in Benghazi. Mark was one of the men who received frantic phone calls from his buddies at the compound, calls that pleaded for help, calls that he and his team tried to answer. But calls didn't save all his friends because Secretary Clinton's State Department had ignored their requests for help, both on the night in question and even in the weeks and months leading up to the attack.
It was a tragedy and one that would be repeated were she to win the election. Ask Mark who's fit to lead, who has the judgment to lead, who will take that call at 3:00 in the morning? Or better yet, ask yourselves, if you were in Mark's shoes that night, who would you rather call?
Let me tell you something about risk. If Hillary Clinton were elected, she'd be the first president who couldn't pass a basic background check. It's incredible.
Hillary Clinton is a risk Americans can't afford to take. She says she'll issue executive orders to take away Americans' guns. She wants to appoint judges who will abolish the Second Amendment.
Just look at how effective those laws have been in inner-city Chicago, a city with the toughest gun laws in our nation, where 70 people were murdered last month alone and where over 3,400 American lives have been lost since this administration took office in 2009.
You know why those laws fail? Because criminals by definition don't follow laws. Rather than prosecuting real criminals, she would strip hardworking, law-abiding citizens of their rights to protect themselves and their families. She'll throw every possible obstacle in the path of safe, reliable, affordable energy produced in America, by Americans, for American businesses and families. Rather than being energy independent, our country will be forced to remain beholden to her buddies in the Middle East.
Those are risks we can't afford to take. And when we win, we're not going to have to.
There's so much work to do. We will not accept the current state of our country because it's too hard to change. That's not the America I know. We're going to unleash the creative spirit and energy of all Americans. We're going to make our schools the best in the world for every single American of every single ethnicity and background.
We're going to put Americans first, all Americans, not a special class of crony elites at the top of the heap.
We're going to elect a president who will work with everyone to pass legislation that will make our country great again, a president who will give us a tax code that will free the American economy and end special loopholes for the wealthy, a president who will give us an immigration law that protects American citizens and gives them jobs, a president who will repeal and replace "Obamacare" without leaving our most vulnerable citizens without health care and who will do it without destroying Medicare for seniors, as Hillary Clinton has proposed.
A president who knows we can't simply delete our problems, but that we have to tackle them head on. A president who won't allow PC culture to put the safety and well-being of our children and our loved ones at stake. A president who won't bow and pander to nations that shudder at the very thought of America's existence. A president more concerned with the safety and comfort of his fellow Americans than the feelings of those hostile nations abroad who, if given the option, would wipe America off the face of this earth.
A president not beholden to special interests, foreign and domestic, and one who funded his entire primary run out of his own pocket just to prove it. A president who will secure and defend the borders of the United States and who will appoint judges who believe that freedom requires a limited government. A president who won't use the highest office in the land as a path to personal enrichment.
A president who's actually created real jobs, who has actually signed the front of a paycheck, and who doesn't just talk about it in theory. A president who has real people's families and livelihoods dependent on his success and the success of his company for decades.
A president who speaks his mind, and not just when it behooves him to do so, who doesn't have to run a focus group or use data analytics to be able to form a simple opinion. Who says what needs to be said and not just what you want to hear. A president who will unleash the greatness in our nation and in all of us, who will give the hardworking men and women who have built this great country a voice once again.
That president can only be my mentor, my best friend, my father, Donald Trump.
And when we elect him, we'll have done all that. We'll have made America great again, greater than ever before.
Thank you, and God bless.
04:59:36
Shelley Moore Capito
Good evening. Let me start out with a question.
Are there any Mountaineers in the audience tonight?
I’m Shelley Moore Capito,  the first woman elected to serve the state of West Virginia in the United States Senate.
Ladies and gentlemen,  we face challenging times. Times in which we as leaders must ask how we can secure a future,  that’s brighter for our next generation.
That’s always the challenge of leadership.
And this election is no different. But with every challenge comes great opportunity. And that opportunity is what I would like to speak about tonight.
Let me first tell you where I come from,  the Mountain State. I’m a life-long West Virginian.
With our tight knit communities,  our state is just one big small town.
That’s never been more evident than in this past month as West Virginia was ravaged by flooding,  that upended communities,  displaced families,  and claimed 23 lives.
As I traveled the flood zones,  I was inspired by people who,  despite losing everything,  sought ways to help and serve others. The stories are tragic but uplifting,  and I am so proud of my state.
In their jobs and communities,  West Virginians work hard and deliver results. And,  in turn,  they expect our country’s elected leaders to do the same.
The constant refrain I hear back home,  is to stop the bickering,  improve the economy,  and fight for jobs.
Let me tell you something,  they’re right.
The greatest obstacle for West Virginia families,  and families all across America over the past eight years,  has been a president that places left-wing priorities and campaign promises over their livelihoods.
President Obama has hurt the heart and soul of my state,  our proud coal miners and the communities where they live,  work,  and pursue happiness.
His policies have ripped through the heartland,  creating a cycle of pessimism and disgust.
People around the country feel the Obama Administration has kicked them to the curb with a callousness that’s damaged their ability to trust and respect government.
In 2008,  President Obama famously said,  “If somebody wants to build a coal- powered plant,  they can. It’s just that it will bankrupt them.”
Eight years later,  it’s safe to say that his actions match his words.
He’s never realized that when you bankrupt a coal company,  you deprive communities of their livelihood.
His recklessness has cost more than 60,000 coal workers their jobs since 2011. That’s 60,000 families who are now without work,  without a paycheck,  and without options.
Not to be outdone,  Hillary Clinton has already promised,  “to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.”
She wants to put thousands more Americans out of work.
She has promised to devastate communities and families across coal country.
When I think about Hillary Clinton’s pursuit of an anti-coal agenda,  I think about the miner who wakes up before dawn for another ten-hour shift.
I think about the bus driver who drives the miners’ children to school. I think about the nurse who cares for the retired miners.
I think about the loan officer at the community bank. And I think about the hundreds of coal equipment distributors.
I weep for the fabric of my state.
These men and women take pride in their highly skilled,  and good paying jobs that provide for their families and support their communities.
They work tirelessly to power America.
West Virginia workers are the backbone of this country.
And Hillary Clinton is proudly promising to put them out of work? Now,  we shouldn’t be surprised by this.
Because Hillary Clinton understands coal miners and blue-collar workers,  about as well as she understands secure email.
A day in the life of a coal miner,  and a day in the life of Hillary Clinton,  could not be more different.
For over 25 years,  she’s thrived in a world where the rules bend to her. Recently we learned she showed “extreme carelessness” with our nation’s secrets.
For others,  the consequences of misusing classified information have been swift and serious.
Not for Hillary Clinton.
Must be nice to have your husband stop in for a friendly chat with the Attorney General on a tarmac during the final days of an FBI investigation.
Since the end of her husband’s administration,  she’s profited from closed-door speeches with fees that could buy homes in West Virginia.
Not only is she out of touch,  her attempts to reach out to the American people often reveal how distorted her reality has become.
In another story from the tarmac,  detailing the harrowing tale of Hillary’s 1996 trip to Bosnia.
She recalled that they,  “landed under sniper fire”,  and had to run for cover. But the tape told a very different story.
There were no snipers or hostile forces.
Hillary was greeted by a young girl,  who’d written a poem about peace.
What I find most troubling is that Hillary Clinton,  fails to recognize that her calculated policies affect real people.
Those who want to feed their families,  own homes,  pay for college,  and pursue the American Dream.
These goals should not and cannot fall out of reach.
You may remember,  when President Obama arrogantly proclaimed that he would slow the rise of the oceans,  and heal our planet.
He introduced and implemented sweeping environmental regulations without
Congress’ approval,  and without considering the economy.
These unilateral actions are ill informed,  unconstitutional,  and,  un- American.
Right now the burden of government regulations in this country amounts to roughly $15,000 a household.
Let me ask you a couple of questions,  are you ready?
Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000,  worth more applause lines at campaign rallies?
Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000,  worth more campaign cash?
Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000,  worth a few more one-liners?
I couldn’t agree with you more.
And I’m sure you agree with me about the importance of this election.
One of the many reasons this election is so important,  is that the Democrats have nominated a candidate that Americans overwhelming distrust.
She’s earned this reputation.
Her term at the State Department was shrouded in scandal and mistrust.
A few weeks ago we watched as the FBI Director called Secretary Clinton “negligent.” He questioned her judgment and revealed countless ways she has misled the American people.
Hillary Clinton should be repentant,  or at least humbled by this,  but she’s not.
We know that the cornerstone of our global leadership is not just our awesome military -- it's not just our economic power,  but our credibility.
She’s squandered Americans’ trust.
Thankfully,  the latest misdeed hasn’t slipped past the attention of the American people.
Recent polls showed that voters’ distrust of Hillary was deteriorating her support. So it comes down to trust.
She can’t be trusted with classified information,  or trusted to play by the same rules as you and me.
And,  without trust,  we cannot feel safe and thrive.
No one who has lost the trust of the American people can serve as President.
The only thing we can trust Hillary to do is double down on the same failed Obama policies that are hurting Americans.
But who knows maybe she’ll feel compelled to pursue the dangerous policies of the socialist wing of her party,  which gave her so much trouble this spring.
We know she will double down on an economic agenda,  that’s led to the lowest workforce participation in decades.
We know she will double down on the war on coal. We know that she will double down on Obamacare.
We know that she will double down on far-left Supreme Court nominees,  who act like appointed legislators,  not as guardians of the Constitution.
We know that she will double down on the catastrophic foreign policy she herself orchestrated. Which has emboldened enemies,  weakened alliances,  and increased risks to our national security.
The contrast between our vision for the future, - and that of the Hillary Clinton is clear.
Now is the time to turn the tide.
Let’s turn the tide. So that unelected bureaucrats no longer mandate regulations that are disconnected from the realities of working Americans.
Let’s turn the tide. From an executive who promotes a radical environmental agenda that will raise costs across the country.
Let’s turn the tide. From a Washington that tells us who our doctors should be,  and delivers a lower quality of care.
Let’s turn the tide. To a government that respects the Constitution,  and protects the jobs and way of life in rural America.
This is not out of reach. We can make these visions a reality.
This week we’ll officially nominate a candidate, - who received the most primary votes in the history of our party. A candidate who understands how to create jobs and grow the economy.
With Donald Trump in the White House and Republicans leading Congress, Our party wants to allow businesses to create jobs,  not regulate jobs out of existence.
Our party understands the free market and doesn’t try to control it.
Our party protects and stands up for hardworking Americans,  like West Virginia coal miners.
Our party will strengthen our military,  to face growing threats.
To ensure our country gets the elected leaders it deserves,  we must carry this momentum to elect Donald Trump,  who speaks directly to rural Americans who have been devastated by the Obama Administration. West Virginians know he understands their problems,  shares their concerns,  and is going to do things differently.
The American people know that Hillary Clinton has forfeited her trust and has broken her bond with working Americans.
Let’s commit to bringing our country together. In the months ahead,  the stakes are both clear and high.
Take the energy from this convention back to your state,  back to your home,  and work to elect Donald Trump, who will make America great again.
Thank you.
05:12:55
Ben Carson
I devoted my career to studying and operating on the brain. This remarkable organ defines our humanity.
It gives us the ability not only to feel and observe, but also to reason. When deciding who to elect as our next president, we owe it to ourselves and our country to make use of this power of reason to evaluate the character, experience, and intentions of the candidates and make an informed decision.
We must resist the temptation to take the easy way out and passively accept what is fed to us by the media or the political elite.
One of the most dangerous narratives being advanced by some in our own party is the notion that however dreadful a Hillary Clinton administration may be, the effects will be temporary or harmless.
Consider what she already has done in office. Classified information was recklessly revealed.
Intelligence officers were exposed. An ambassador and three other American patriots were slaughtered. That kind of harm is irreversible. It is absurd to think we can ask our enemies to disregard those emails or leave our operatives alone. And unfortunately, we cannot resurrect the dead.
Now consider what Hillary will do if elected president.
She will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who share her liberal view of an expansive government that is entitled to trample fundamental freedoms.
The decisions of a Court dominated by Obama-Clinton appointees will effectively set her cancerous policies in stone.
She will perpetuate a system that traps our children in failing schools and promotes poverty instead of empowerment.
This type of malignant neglect leaves indelible scars on these children and gaping wounds in our communities.
The question before us is not whether we should elect a Republican or a Democrat as president of the United States.
The question we must answer is whether we want to retain the ideals upon which this country was founded or succumb to Hillary Clinton’s new world order that places government in control of every aspect of our lives.
Donald Trump understands this very well. He understands that the blessings of this nation come with the responsibility to ensure that they are available to all, not just the privileged few.
This is exemplified by his willingness to take on the establishment against all odds.
It is evident in his passion for the American worker.
It is found in his desire to put his considerable skills to work on behalf of American interests, not self-interest.
I am proud to support Donald Trump -- the extraordinary businessman and the right leader for our time.
05:22:45
Kimberlin Brown
Good evening, many of you know me from one of your favorite soap operas, The Young and the Restless, the Bold and Beautiful, and many other television shows and films you know, but since we only have one life to live, yes, I did have to throw that in there. I decided to follow other dreams. I'm now an avocado grower for all of you guacamole lovers, yes, California avocados. I also run and operate my own design business, and with my husband Gary, we just celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary. Gary and I are partners running a sport fishing business, retail operations, rental operations, and assorted other enterprises. Like millions of women across our nation, I have many responsibilities. And because we women have many roles in our lives on the fended, when the media and the Democrats typecast us as single-issue voters, we take care of our families, work, inside and outside the home, pay the bills, we manage the costs at home, take care of our parents, all focused on one thing, securing the future for our families. Like so many parents today you know, I have great concerns about the direction of our country, and what it means for the future of my children. And I cannot let this election pass by without doing my part and helping get us back on the right track. That's why I am so grateful and honored to be here with you all tonight. You know when I look back at my grandparents, my mom and dad I realized that so much of their lives were devoted to one goal, helping me, my sister, Tammy, my brother Chris, have every opportunity to succeed. I was always told by my grandmother I could do anything I put my mind to and I did. I work very hard we've started businesses that have succeeded and still do and we've had ventures that have not. We have created jobs and even more tax dollars. We have worked 80 hour weeks and have gone without paychecks to keep our employees paid. You know this isn't unique to Gary and me it is the story of every small business owner in America. I'm a member of California's business women for Trump and we are comprised of farmers, doctors, small business owners, attorneys, and women in just about every field profession, race, and ethnicity. Women for Trump, and we're concerned about out of control, unreasonable government regulations that needlessly add cost to doing business and tie us all up and red tape, and don't get me started about the bewildering tax code and high taxes to boot. You know this isn't true just for small businesses but for farming as well. This past week our business is confronting the problem caused by Obamacare and that's a shock isn't it? and as a small business we used to offer medical insurance to our employees and for those who chose to be covered we paid most of their premiums. In this quarter we had several employees work over the 30 hour threshold set by Obamacare and by the requirements of law they must now sign up for one of the approved health care plans and our younger employees they don't understand why they're getting forced off of their previous plan which was significantly more affordable and tailored to their needs. Most of our employees are college age and they're very healthy yet they're required to buy coverage that does not meet their needs and is too expensive for their wallets. One good thing it's been a wake-up call to all of our young employees and they are all voting Republican this year. No one, 1/3 of small businesses, are owned by women and to the nine point four million women business owners who employ about 8 million workers, a value of about 1.5 trillion dollars to our economy, I urge you to think about how important this election is for your future, who do you think better understands your challenges and will stand with you fighting for a better economy, and more opportunities. A career Washington insider who only knows how to use your tax dollars for more government jobs and incidentally ladies in both then senator Clinton's office and the Clinton Foundation. Men have been paid better than women or a successful businessman who knows how to make a payroll who understands the special challenges women business owners face, such as gaining access to needed capital and, and, who has an admirable record of hiring and promoting women in his businesses. You know, for a moment I'd like to touch on an issue that Donald had spoken about from the beginning of his campaign, trade. As an actress and a farmer what did you ever think those two would be in the same sentence, huh yeah. I've seen firsthand impact of high taxes, over-regulation, and suspect trade deals. I have seen TV and movie productions move out of the country. If you were an a lister like Leonardo DiCaprio or an owner of a studio producer you were okay, but if you were a cameraman, a sound tech, a boom operator, or did any of the many jobs in production, you were just out of luck. And at the time it didn't affect me, and I didn't understand what my local union boys were talking about, and now I do. And I'm sorry for not understanding the plight of these men and women who lost their livelihoods and they did. And as an avocado grower I faced the impact of our trade policies I've seen first-hand our domestic market flooded with imports that harmed local farmers and even drove some out of business. My neighbors who have raised this product for years are being forced to cut down their growths. I'll leave the decisions about trade policies and how you balance the many economic interests of our nation to others but this much I do know: Donald Trump raised concerns on behalf of working people before the Washington elites did. He will make trade deals that benefit working men and women and their families right here in America. There's going to be a time and I hope soon for a woman president, and we have so many outstanding women in Congress and in our state and local governments who are ready for the job now, or in the very near future, but let's be clear: the Democrats offer up a woman who when she had a chance to stand up for women did not do so. Instead, she attacked women, denigrated them, called them liars, and I personally know victims and they find Hillary's actions and remarks repulsive. Her comments, our comments of convenience only, and if we are to prosper as a nation, if we are going to grow the economy and create jobs, we need a leader who will go to Washington and shake things up. A president who will bring common-sense regulations and eliminate unnecessary ones, who will fix our tax system, who will start us on the path to rebuild our infrastructure. We need someone who knows how to build things, who knows how to create jobs, and who knows how to negotiate. He's going to tackle problems head-on, ladies and gentlemen, so we can have true progress. No sense it was announced that I was speaking to you all tonight, I have been attacked in social media with all kinds of outrageous insults, none of which are even remotely true. The left wants to silence those they disagree with. In politics, on college campuses, and in business, this must stop and I will not stand by idly. It is time we stood up for ourself, for Donald Trump, and for our country. Donald is the most qualified men in America to turn things around in Washington and in our nation, so I asked you to join me, and California's business women for Trump in supporting America's best opportunity to return to greatness. Donald Trump, the next president of the United States, yes, thank you. 









