00:10:20
Connie Mack
Once Again it's morning in America. There are new leaders on the horizon Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan, American's comeback team. Growing up, I had a plaque on my all that read: battles don't always go to the fastest or the strongest. Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. We've always been a people with big dreams and limitless potential after all this is America.
Our success is built on our values and our principles, but so many of them are under attack: our commitment to freedom and liberty and to everything that makes our country great seems to embarrass the “blame America first” crowd. They penalize individual achievement praising the power of government, but they have not, cannot and will not destroy our spirit. We are proud to be Americans, we are proud of our nation, we are proud of our heritage and we are proud of our success. It is our commitment to the American story in our athletes in London who brought home more medals than any other country, even China.
It's our best and our brightest who landed an extraordinary Rover on Mars. It's Nobel Prize winners, scientists, writers, artists second to none who inspire us all. These are the achievements that are brought about by a free society that honors individual effort.
We owe it to those who have given so much to regain our strength and remain the strongest force for freedom the world has ever seen.
Our allies deserve an unwavering support and our enemies need to know we stand to defend freedom at all costs. America was built on the belief in free enterprise hard work, passion and faith. We have the awesome responsibility to make that dream a reality.
That dream is not an impossible dream, it's the American dream. It's sure. It's strong, and it's steady. Mitt Romney's plans to restore America's promise and purpose will be realized, and the American dream will once again be available to all her children.
We are a nation of dreamers, Henry Ford, Thomas Edison, Alexander Graham Bell, the Wright brothers, dreamers like Neil Armstrong who spot New Lands and took giant leaps into American exceptionalism and dreamers like my friend Kiko Villion.
You know the stories of the others. Now let me tell you the story of Kiko. In 1960 Kiko fled Castro's Cuba. He came to New York; he became a taxi driver; he worked hard and saved his money; he became a citizen. He moved to Florida. He started a business building boats. He raised a family, he put his children to school, he sold his business now he worries about what opportunities lie ahead for his children and their children. Kiko has lived the American dream, as have so many others that's what this election is all about: making the American dream a reality again. It's not about the past, it's not about what was done wrong, it's not about blaming America, it's quite the opposite. Tonight we embark on a renewal of the American dream, tonight we honor those who have come before us and done so much, even given their lives. And tonight we honor our children and their children to ensure their dreams, whether it's playing under the lights or starting a business or being a doctor or a nurse or a soldier or sailor, or even a president or Vice President dreams can become realities. After all, this is America and it's morning, once again, thank you. God bless America. God bless you. Thank you. I love you Florida. 
00:19:44 
Newt Gingrich and his wife
Thank you, thank you for that warm welcome, what a wonderful tribute to President Reagan and the spirit of the American people. It's fantastic to see so many friends here. Friends from decades of service to the party service in public life, and those who have helped us for the past few years. And we are delighted that tonight we come together to once again renew the American spirit and put real leadership back in the White House this November. The election of Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan will decisively move America to a better future. Remembering President Reagan reminds us that the choices we make matter, and this year is as important as the choice we made in 1980. Over three decades have passed since Ronald Reagan was first elected to the White House yet the impact of his leadership is still evident today. While in office President Reagan had three major goals. To restore the economy. to revive the American spirit and to defeat totalitarianism spreading democracy throughout the world.
By remaining true to his convictions, through his belief in the American people and with tremendous optimism President Reagan achieved these goals, it's striking how President Carter and President Obama both took our nation down a path that in four years weakened America's confidence in itself and our hope for a better future. Both weakened the respect for America abroad; both increased government programs built with waste and inefficiency that failed to produce results; both made promises they couldn't keep and as a consequence of ineffective policies; both were unable to revive our economy and create jobs.
For example, both crippled American and energy production, when there were better ways to develop and use our abundant energy resources, the Romney plan for North American energy independence is exactly the kind of bold visionary leadership Reagan believed in, and it is what we need now. The Reagan Presidency also teaches us that there is a better way to put Americans back to work, create millions of jobs and help every American achieve success. The Reagan program of tax cuts regulatory reform and spending controls worked. Reagan's belief in small business owners and entrepreneurs is a remarkable contrast with Obama's class warfare rhetoric, massive deficits and a passion for taxing those who create jobs, the Romney plan for a stronger middle class has deep roots and Ronald Reagan's approach. Reagan's commitment to reform welfare and to create a work requirement was a major achievement, when he was governor of California. His pioneering work led to the historic welfare reform bill Congress and the President past 30 years later. This bipartisan legislation, reduced the size of government, made our country more competitive and put millions of Americans back to work. 
Tragically, President Obama gutted this achievement, and like Jimmy Carter over four years, he produced little effective legislation that brought the two parties together in the interest of the nation. Obama's waiving of the work requirements and welfare reform is just one example of his direct repudiation of President Reagan's values. Obama's proud of what he's done and of his politically motivated partisanship, but he should be ashamed for putting politics before people. Governor Romney will return America to work and to the principles that are at the core of President Reagan's legacy. This year, the American people will once again have an important choice to make. Now, each of us must commit ourselves in the tradition of Ronald Reagan to come together.
President Reagan said, there is no substitute for victory and this November, we cannot settle for anything less. This, this is the most critical election of our lifetime, each of us must do our part now to ensure that America remains in the tradition of President Reagan, a land of freedom and opportunity. Thank you, and God bless you and God bless America.
00:30:48
Craig Romney
I am honored and humbled to speak to you tonight. I am incredibly proud of my father and I love him dearly. It is my privilege to speak a few words in Spanish so please bear with me for a moment. (Speaking Spanish...). It is easy to forget. Thank you. It is easy to forget. It is easy to forget the story of my father's success, begins with the story of two immigrants. My grandfather came to this country with little more than hope in the opportunity of America. Through their hard work and perseverance, they lived the American dream. They gave the opportunity to their children they would not have anywhere else. The republican party is dedicated to preserving that opportunity for all Americans. We have had the privilege of hearing about different chapters of the same inspiring stories from Governor Sandoval and Martinez and soon to Senator Cruz. We are seeing the story play out in the lives of many other Hispanic Americans who have become leaders in the Republican party and throughout our nation. These leaders along with Hispanics across this country play a vital role in the Romney-Ryan comeback, as we fight to put America back on the path to prosperity. Thank you. 
00:35:33 
Jeb Bush
Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thanks. Thank you. Welcome to Florida. Before I begin my remarks, I have something personally I like to share.
I've been so blessed to be part of a family that has committed its life to public service. My granddad, my grandfather, and my father have been incredible role model for me and serve our country honorably. And my brother, well, I love my brother. He is a man of integrity, courage and honor, and during incredibly challenging times, he kept us safe. So Mr. President, it is time to stop blaming your predecessor, for your failed economic policies. You were dealt a tough hand but your policies have not worked. In the fourth year of your Presidency, a real leader would accept responsibility for his actions and you haven't done it. Now that I've gotten that off my chest. Let’s talk a little bit about our kids’ education.
This election is about the future of this nation. We can shape that future with what we do here with what we do on November 6th. we can restore America's greatness. That starts with a strong economy, a smart energy policy, lower deficits and a President who puts Americans workers and job creators first, but they have a great future, a secure future, a future that is equal to our potential as a nation. We need to do something else. We must make sure that our children and grandchildren are ready for the world we are shaping today. It starts. It starts in our homes, in our communities, and especially in our schools as a candidate and Governor, I visited over 400 Florida schools. I saw children read for their first sentences, solve their first long division problems, explore the miracles of chemistry and physics. That's the essence of education: students getting a chance at a future. There are many reasons to believe America's future is bright, but also reasons to worry. Of 34 advanced nations in the world, American students ranked 17th in science, 25th in math only one quarter of high school graduates are ready for their next steps. China and India produce eight times more engineering students each year than the United States. This is a moral cost to our country. Our failing schools need to be fixed.
We say that every child in America has an equal opportunity but tell that to a kid in his classroom learning isn't respected, tell that to a parent stuck in a school where there is no leadership, tell that to a young talented teacher who just got laid off because she didn't have tenure. The sad truth is that equality of opportunity doesn't exist. In many of our schools, we get some kids a chance, but not all. That failure is the great moral and economic issue of our time and it's hurting all of America. I believe we can meet this challenge. We need to set high standard for students and teachers and provide students and their parents the choices they deserve. The first step is a simple one, we must stop prejudging children, based on their race, ethnicity or household income. We must stop excuse in failure in our schools and start rewarding improvement and success. We must have high academic standards that are benchmark to the best in the world. You see all kids can learn. Governor Romney believes in it and the data proves it. While he was Governor, Massachusetts raised standards and today their students lead the nation in academic performance. Here in Florida in 1999 we're at the bottom of the nation in education. For the last decade, the state has been on a path of reform, under the leadership of Governor Rick Scott and local leaders, our focus every day is whether students are learning. That's it. 
Today, more students are reading on grade level passing rigorous college prep courses and graduating from high school. And perhaps most exciting, those traditionally left behind, are showing the greatest gains. Among African American students, Florida has ranked 4th in the nation for academic improvement; among low income students we're ranked third for gains; among students with disabilities we're ranked first. And Among Latino students, the gains were so big they require new metric. Right now Florida's fourth grade Hispanic students read as well, or better than the average of all students in 21 states and the district of Columbia. These kids, these kids were once written off, but today thanks to teachers like Sean Duffy we're changing that.
00:42:26
Sean Duffy
I'm honored to be an educator, to help the next generation of leaders, thinkers, builders entrepreneurs. Sadly, I’m a part of a dwindling field. I've seen too many good teachers come and go, mainly due to poor working conditions and little pay. Bad teachers get locked into the system and good teachers leave for more money. On top of the bureaucratic challenges,  what we're teaching doesn't always match what our students actually need. To that end, I helped launch a stem lab in my high school. These labs focus on science, technology engineering, and mathmatics, and help students learn proficiency in these fields. We turn students away from education each year by not providing a robust curriculum that keeps up with a world where the Students live and will eventually work. At the end of the day, all of what we do from the educators to the policy makers has to be student-focused and student-centered. After all, students matter most and that is what counts. Thank you. 
00:43:45
Jeb Bush
Thank you Sean. I know your high school is proud of your efforts and we need more great teachers like you, teachers who don't give up on a kid, who recognize that every child can learn , and don't waste a precious year of the students' life. If you're a great teacher and your students are mastering their subjects, no matter your age or years of experience, you should have a job. Education is hard work, but if you follow some core principles and you challenge the status quo, you can get great results. So here's Another thing we can do. Let's give every parent in America a choice about where their child attends school. Look, everywhere, everywhere in our lives we get a chance to choose, go down any supermarket aisle and you'll find any credible selection of milk. You can get whole milk, buttermilk, 2% milk, low fat, or skim milk, organic milk and milk with extra vitamin D. There's flavored milk, chocolate, strawberry, vanilla, and it doesn't even taste like milk. They even make milk for people who can't drink milk.
So my question to you is: shouldn't parents have that kind of choice in schools that best meet the needs of their students? Governor Romney gets it. Mitt Romney gets it. He believes parents,  regardless of zip code or income, should be able to send their child to the school that fits them best. That is setting him up against some entrenched interests. There are many people who say they support strong schools but draw the line at school choice. Sorry kid, giving you an equal opportunity would be too risky. And it would upset powerful political forces that we need to win elections. I have a simple message for these masters of delay and deferral: choose you could either help with politically powerful unions or you can help the kids. Now those who have been involved in this, you know, it's hard to take on the unions, they fund campaigns, they are well organized. Election Day, they'll show up. Meanwhile the kids are old enough to vote, but you and I know who deserves a choice. Governor Romney knows it too.  Let me introduce you to Franctz because we gave him a choice, he got a great education.
00:46:39
Franctz
I grew up in the inner city  in Miami, in a place where your zip code determines your chance of Success.  My only option was an unproductive and failing school. I knew that could lead to an unproductive and failing future. Thanks to Governor Bush's School Choice Program, I got a chance to choose a better school. Making my education my priority, I enrolled in one of the toughest high schools in Miami (school name). I am sure like a lot of us it was my mother (name) who really pushed for a choice in my education. I am glad she did. Her devotion to my future has given me a chance to succeed. I graduated from Wagner college and i'm looking forward to a life of learning and serving my community. Who knows what the future I would have held if I didn't have a choice in my education but I do know the numbers for failure and I probably wouldn't have a good chance. Governor Bush's School Choice Program gave me a chance to achieve academic success in a school that was the best fit for me. I took it from there. Thank you.
00:48:03
Jeb Bush
Thank you Franctz
It is an incredible honor to see you grow up. Franctz’s story is and many others are driving force across this nation to bring about necessary change. And some of the biggest reformers are Republicans. Governor Mitch Daniels in Indiana and Bobby Jindal in Louisiana have expanded to school choice, beyond what we have here in Florida. Governor Martino in New Mexico is raising expectations holding schools accountable for students gaining critical reading skills. Government Lapai in Maine and Deo in Georgia are transforming education by pushing schools to harness the power of technology and digital learning. Idaho Governor Otter and superintendent Luna are raising the best teachers and separating out the ineffective ones. That earns some enemies. Some of them slashed the superintendent's tires but he didn't back down. Governor Scott Walker in Wisconsin led his state to adopt reforms that promote early literacy and require the teacher evaluations incorporate student achievement. In Nevada Governor Sandoval pushed reforms to end the damaging practice of last in, first out where teachers are hired or fired, based on their years in the system, not their impact in the classroom. Governor Haslam in Tennessee is making sure every classroom has an effective teacher. Because he is a former governor, Mitt Romney understands that states must lead this national movement. In Massachusetts, Governor Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races, raise testing standards, and put into place a merit scholarship, the John  and Abigail Adams scholarship, to students four tuition free years at any Massachusetts public institution of higher learning. He is a champion for bringing hope to education. He  intends to be a champion for equality of opportunity, a President who always puts students first.
So in this election, remember this, our future as a nation is at stake. The fact is this election is not just about one office it's about one nation. If we want to continue to be the greatest nation on the planet, we must give our kids what we promised them: an equal opportunity that starts in the classroom, it starts in our communities, it starts, where you live, and it starts with electing Mitt Romney the next President of the United States. Thank you. God bless you. God bless our excellent teachers and God bless the United States of America. 
00:57:56
Cathy McMorris Rogers
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the final evening of the 2012 Republican convention. We've had a few wonderful days hearing the inspiring stories of Republicans from across the country from some of our party's great leaders like Governor Jeb Bush who we just heard from, to everyday men and women working hard to survive in the Obama economy. They've told us how we can do better. They've reminded us that we built it and we've learned about how under Romney-Ryan administration we can change it. Of course tonight is the main event. Tonight we will hear from the next president of the United States Mitt Romney. And we have chosen him because we believe in America. We believe we believe in an America that doesn't punish success but celebrates it, an America that encourages hard work and personal responsibility, and we believe in an America where every child has a chance to succeed. Tonight we'll hear from some of the people who know Mitt Romney best in their words and from their stories we will learn why he is the right man to defeat Barack Obama this November and restore America to greatness, we’ll hear from dear family friends whose lives have been touched by the Romney's faith and generosity, will hear from two former colleagues who worked alongside Mitt when he was governor of Massachusetts. You'll hear from the CEO of staples, a successful company that Mitt Romney helped create and expand during his time at Bain Capital. We're delighted to have a number of former Olympians with us tonight to remind us of the great comeback that Mitt Romney engineered at the Salt Lake City Olympics. And we are excited that Florida Senator Marco Rubio is here to share his personal story and vision for a future where everyone can still capture the American dream. To get the next portion of the evening started, I'd like to welcome to the stage Grant Bennet, president of CPS technologies and friend of Mitt Romney.
01:01:15
Grant Bennett 
I have been blessed to spend thousands of hours over many years with a dear friend and remarkable man named Mitt Romney. These wonderful even glorious hours together were spent in serving our fellow men and women. They were spent in service in our church. We embraced Christ's admonition in as much as you have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren you have done it unto me. The Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day Saints of which we are members has an unpaid lay clergy while raising his family and pursuing his career, Mitt Romney served in our  church devoting 10, 15 and even 20 hours a week doing so. Like all Mormon leaders he did so on his own time and at his own expense. I was Mitt's assistant when he was our pastor. I had a front-row seat and it was marvelous to behold. As we began working together Mitt asked how early can I call you in the morning? I answered, 6 a.m. I regret my answer. Mitt Romney became my alarm clock. A typical morning call: “ Grant its Mitt, I'm at the airport, Hazel Yang tripped last night and bruised her hip. Please visit her this evening, give her my love, all arranged for meals, and I will visit her on my way home from the airport tomorrow.”  In our early morning calls Mitt didn't discuss questions of theology. He found the definition of religion given by James in the new testament to be a practical guide. Pure religion is to visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction. So what specifically did Mitt Romney do as our pastor? For one or two evenings each week and several hours every weekend, week after week, and year after year, he met with those seeking help with the burdens of real-life, burdens we all face at one time or another, unemployment, sickness, financial distress, loneliness, Mitt prayed and counseled with church members seeking spiritual direction, single mothers raising children, couples with marital problems, youth with addictions, immigrants separated from their families, and individuals whose heat had been shut off. To uphold the dignity and respect the privacy of those who came, he met with them in private and in confidence. He has upheld that trust. Mitt's response to those who came was compassion in all it's beautiful varieties. He had a listening ear and a helping hand drawing on the skills and resources of those in our congregation, Mitt provided food and housing rides to the doctor and companions to sit with those who were ill. He shoveled snow and raked leaves for the elderly, he took down tables and swept floors at church dinners, he was often the last to leave. Years later I became the pastor, only then did I understand the dedication this calling requires and the clarity this service provides into the full range of our shared human experience. Mitt challenged each of us to find our life by losing it in service to others. He issued that challenge again and again. The church itself was a marvelous vehicle for extending that challenge. Mitt seldom delivered the sermon himself. He gave that opportunity to fellow church members. He sought to involve everyone so everyone could grow. Mitt taught faith in God, personal integrity, self-reliance, and service to our fellow man. and Mitt did what he challenged us to do, he led by example. I treasure every minute we serve together. I am grateful for my apprenticeship in the things that matter most under the hands of a deeply good man named Mitt Romney. It is my privilege to introduce two families from our congregation. First, Pat and Ted Oparowski. They will be followed by Pam Finlayson.
01:08:33
Ted and Pad Oparowski
Good evening folks, my wife and I people of modest means I make my living as a professional firefighter for 27 years. Prior to moving to Randolph Vermont, we lived in Medford Massachusetts. It was there we met Mitt Romney and his family. It's been over 30 years since we have lost our son David. The memories are still vivid and painful, but we wanted to share them with you because David's story is a part of Mitt's story and America deserves to hear it. Back in the early 1970s Mitt visited our home numerous times with his oldest son Tagg tagging along. He was in the vanguard of our support system when we received the news that no parent is prepared to confront. You cannot measure a man's character based on the words the others before adoring crowds during times that are happy. The true measure of a man is revealed in his actions during times of trouble. The quiet hospital room of a dying boy with no cameras and no reporters. This is the time to make that assessment. In 1979, a tragedy struck our family when my youngest son David was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a non, it was a cancer. 
Over a period of seven months he was in and out of Children's Hospital in Boston for treatment. Throughout that agonizing period Mitt took time from his busy schedule to visit David. They developed a loving friendship. On one of his visits Mitt discovered that David was very fond of fireworks he went out and bought a box full of big time fireworks they had to sit on the closet shelf because they couldn't be set off in the city. We waited until we were able to go to Maine where we set them off on the sand dunes with permission from the fire and police departments. Through that simple but thoughtful gift Mitt brought joy to a young boy who had experienced and he had not had not experienced any for too long.  He also gave the rest of us a welcome release on another visit David, knowing Mitt had gone to Law School at Harvard, asked me if he would help him write a will. He had some prized possessions he wanted to make sure we're given to his closest friends and family.
The next time it went to the hospital he was equipped with his yellow legal pad and pen together they made David's will that is a task that no child should ever have to do but it gave David peace of mind so after David's death we were able to give his skateboard, his model rockets, and his fishing gear to his best friends. He also made it clear that his brother Peter should get his Ruger 22 rifle. How many men do you know would take the time out of their busy lives to visit a terminally ill fourteen-year-old and help him settle his affairs?  David also helped us plan his funeral. He wanted to be buried in his boy scout uniform. He won't admit to pronounce his eulogy and Mitt was there to honor that request. We will be ever grateful to Mitt for his love and concern. 
We humbly wish that God will continue to bless Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan in their efforts. In doing so he will bless the United States of America.
01:14:13
Pam Finlayson
In 1982 my husband Grant and I moved from California to Massachusetts with our newborn son. Being a church-going family we looked for the nearest chapel and soon found ourselves in a congregation led by a clearly bright and capable man named Mitt Romney. I knew Mitt was special from the start. At the time we didn't own a dryer and the day he stopped by to welcome us, I was embarrassed to have laundry hanging all over the house but Mitt wasn't fazed. In fact, as we spoke, without a word, he joined me and actually started helping, helpfully plucking clothes from around the house and folding them. By the time he left not only did I feel welcome my laundry was done. As Grant and I juggled school, jobs, church, and family, we grew to love the Romneys. They became role models and friends and we were honored when Mitt and Ann regularly trusted us to stay with her five rambunctious but very loving sons when they traveled. It was when our daughter Kate was born three and a half months early however that I fully came to appreciate what a great treasure of friendship we had in Mitt and Ann. Kate was so tiny and very sick, her lungs not yet ready to breathe, her heart unstable, and after suffering a severe brain hemorrhage at three days old, she was teetering on the very edge of life, as I sat with her in intensive care, consumed with a mother's worry, and fear dear Mitt came to visit and pray with me. As our clergy he was one of very few visitors allowed and I will never forget how when he looked down tenderly at my daughter, his eyes filled with tears, and he reached out and gently stroked her tiny back, I could tell immediately that he didn't just see a tangle of plastic and tubes and wires, he saw our beautiful little girl and he was clearly overcome with compassion for her. During the many months that our Kate was hospitalized the Romneys often cared for our two-year-old son Peter. They treated him like one of their own like a sixth son. They gave him a nickname and even welcomed him to stay the night when needed. When Thanksgiving rolled around, Kate was still struggling for life. Brain surgery was scheduled and the holiday was the furthest thing from our minds but that morning I opened my door to find Mitt and his boys, arms loaded down with a Thanksgiving feast, of course we were overcome. When I called to thank Ann later, she sweetly confessed it had been Mitt's idea that most of the shopping and cooking and chopping had been done by him. She and the boys had just happily pitched in. Eventually we moved from Boston. Our daughter Kate grew into an amazing girl of faith and love. But complications of her birth remained with her and after 26 years of both miracles and struggle she passed away just a year and a half ago. In the midst of making the final decision to run for president which had to be the most difficult of their lives when they heard of Kate's passing, both Mitt and Ann pause to personally reach out to us and extend sympathy and express their love. It seems to me when it comes to loving our neighbor we can talk about it or we can live it. The Romneys live it every single day. When the world looks at Mitt Romney they may see him is the founder of a successful business, the leader of the Olympic Games or a governor, but when I see Mitt Romney I know him to be a loving father, a man of faith, and a caring and compassionate friend. It is with great excitement and renewed hope that I think of how our country will be blessed as it is led by a man who is not only so very accomplished and capable but who has devoted his entire life quietly serving others. That man is Mitt Romney.
01:20:40
Bob White 
Thank you. Thank you. I have a question. I have a question for you. Wasn't Ann Romney spectacular on Tuesday night? I agree and Ann had some really great stories about Mitt and so do i. For 30 years I have been at Mitt Romney's side when he did extraordinary things. As Mitt says: I'm his wing man. I was there when Mitt turned around desperate situations, fixed big broken things, and had a profoundly positive impact on people's lives. Our journey began when Mitt asked the small group of us to help him start an investment firm called Bain Capital. Thank you. Mitt was absolutely clear what he expected from each of us. We would act with absolute integrity, mutual respect, true teammates, and we would recognize the profound responsibility we owed to those who place their trust in us. Integrity, respect, responsibility, trust, these are not just words to Mitt Romney, these are principles he lives by. He also applied them to the way we worked. First he built the team, he recruited the best people he could find, reached out for ideas, encouraged dissent, and fostered real cooperation. Next, he gave us a clarity of purpose. Our investors included pension funds, colleges, and charities with noble missions. We would invest wisely and we would treat their money as carefully as we treated our own. We would support entrepreneurs and we would invest in trouble situations. We would help them grow and try to make their companies better, and we would be held accountable for our performance, and when things went wrong we would not blame others. And finally he took decisive action. Mitt never hesitated. He made tough decisions, coalesced the team, and moved forward. Time and time again I have seen this decisive leadership. When our old consulting firm was on the verge of collapse. They asked Mitt to come back and help. He answered the call. When many thought the situation was hopeless, Mitt was not deterred. I'll never forget when he said, Bob, a thousand employees and their family depend on us and we cannot let them down. 
When the obstacles seemed insurmountable and others panicked, Mitt was the calm in the storm and he never lost hope. His confidence gave us confidence, and that company not only survived, it thrived, and today Bain company is recognized as one of the best places to work in America. I saw something similar when Mitt was asked to help save the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. When we first realized the magnitude of the financial and management challenges, I was skeptical whether they could be saved. Mitt never doubted what could be done. He applied the same principles of leadership and the Olympics became a story that made America proud. And when Mitt was elected Governor of Massachusetts, he asked that I help him assemble a team that would serve the public trust and be loyal to the principles he held dear. That team accomplished so much because they got Republicans and Democrats to focus on the real problems and achieve real results. So why has Mitt taken so many challenges? It's because he runs towards problems, believes it's important to make a difference, and is determined to always give something back. In every pursuit he feels a sense of responsibility and a commitment to serve. Even though we worked endless hours at Bain Capital, Mitt found time to serve his church and counseled people in need, and if someone needed help, Mitt was there. When our partner's daughter went missing in New York, Mitt said we can't just stand by and do nothing, we have to go find her. He closed down our entire office, took all of us to Boston, mobilized the search efforts, and within days we found her, and a mom, and a dad, and a daughter were reunited. Mitt wanted us to give something back too. He inspired the formation of Bain Capital children's charity. It not only donated money to worthy children's causes, it got Bain Capital employees actively involved in their communities. Go back and look at every pursuit in Mitt's life, surrounding him are people who have worked with him over and over again. They trust him, they respect him, they want to be part of his team, and they want to be part of the change. And today we need urgent change in Washington and we need a proven leader with passion and compassion. I have seen Mitt Romney be that leader. He is the right man at the right time to be the next president of the United States. Thank you very much.
01:30:10
Tom Stemberg
25 years ago, I had a crazy idea for a new business. I wanted to do to office supplies what Home Depot had done with home improvement. I pictured office superstore with regular customers and small businesses. The business would be called Staples. It was not easy at first. I had a vision and a business plan. Then I met Mitt Romney. He helped make it come alive. Now Mitt was an unusual guy. He'd already enjoyed great success in Bain company but he knew the value of a dollar. When I told him about Staples he got really excited at the idea of saving a few cents on paper clips. Funny thing. But I asked you: who would make a better president, someone who knows how to save a dollar on pens and paper or someone who knows how to waste 535 million dollars on Solyndra? The truth, the truth is Mitt was not a typical investor, he was a true partner where some saw an unproven new business, he saw a store that could save people money, he recognized that efficiency creates consumer value, and he never looked at staples merely as a financial investment. He saw the engine of prosperity it would become. Today Staples employs nearly 90,000 people. It has over 2,000 stores over 50 distribution centers, and is a competitive, in this part of a competitive industry that helps entrepreneurs and small businesses get started on their own. For me, for me, as a founder it was the realization of a dream. So you can imagine my dismay when I see this White House and their campaign demonizing Mitt Romney, demonizing Bain Capital, and demonizing the private equity industry that has created so many new jobs. Over and over and over again, fiction, half-truths, and downright lies. Now you have to ask yourself why would an administration that can't create any jobs demonize someone who did. I've got a theory I think when it comes to jobs, new businesses, and economic growth, they just don't get it. You know they say Mitt Romney is out of touch with ordinary Americans, they just don't get it. The night before we opened the first store, I asked our people to do back-to-back all-nighters, that's when I got a phone call from Mitt. He wanted to come over and talk with a team and spend some time with them. And he told me in very clear time terms: Tom this business is all about the people, but this Obama-Biden campaign, they just don't get it. they will tell you that private equity is focused only on the short term, tell that to the founders of bright horizons daycare, a company that has transformed corporate day care. Most people didn't give the business a chance. It went five straight years without making a profit, but Mitt and Bain Capital stood by them. Mitt and Bain Capital believed in the vision and they understood how important it was for women to join the workforce and have on-site daycare for their children. It was an overdue revolution in American workplace. Today that company employs over 19,000 people. But President Obama and his friends, they just don't get it. The Obama campaign will tell you that Bain Capital was a form of vampire capitalism, drain the blood from a company, and move on. They just don't get it. You know, where were they when Mitt stayed with staples for 15 years long after Mitt had sold its stock? Where were they when Bain Capital helped start steel dynamics when most people are given up by the American steel industry? 18 years later that company employs 6,000 people but this administration, they just don't get it. You know they've got a job council that never meets, a Democratic Senate that doesn't act, a president who doesn't believe, and a vice president who just can't stop talking. They just don't get it. And you know they don't get it because they don't believe in the spirit of the entrepreneur, they don't understand what it means to risk money to create something new, and they don't understand the hard work it takes to get a business off the ground, the sacrifices you make, the little league games you miss. They don't see this as a country of opportunity, where someone like myself, the son of immigrants born in Newark, New Jersey and proud of that Governor Christie, can live the American dream. Well let me tell you my friend Mitt Romney gets it. I could not be more confident in saying the American people get it. That's why this November they will elect Mitt Romney as the next president of the United States.
01:39:35
Ray Fernandez
Thank you. These last few months, we have had a lot of false information about Bain Capital and private equity. I'm proud to stand here and tell you what I saw when Bain Capital bought the company where I worked. The experience improved my job and it gave me opportunities that I always believed were part of the American dream. In 1996 I became a sales rep at a contact lens business called west Podesta. My sales region was right here in Florida, when my parents emigrated from Cuba when I was 13 years old, from a country, where the government owns everything, but nothing works. Wesley Jason has been struggling, losing over 50 million a year under the previous owner, then Mitt Romney and Bain Capital came in. Bain Capital saw something others didn't see. They invested money in marketing. They brought in a charismatic and dynamic CEO Kevin Ryan. They did everything to make the company succeed. This is the real Bain Capital, the story the Obama campaign doesn't want you to hear. Because of Bain Capital's attention and management, West Jason ruled back and workers like me were inspired by what we saw and our careers thrive. And when the company went public a few years later I was well rewarded. With that money, my wife Sylvia, a pharmacist, and I start our own business in Hialeah Florida Vida pharmacy. None of this would have been possible without Bain capital's investment, the broader vision and commitment to a struggling company. As a result we are doing what we love, serving our community. We are building our future. Stories like this need to be told. My life today is better because of Bain Capital. Mitt Romney helped turn around my company. I can't imagine anyone better prepared to turn around this country. Thank you.
01:43:30
Kerry Healey
10 years ago as chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party, I flew to Salt Lake City not to see the Olympics, but to meet the man who had saved them. I had a message from the grassroots, come back to Massachusetts. Our state needs you. Mitt Romney had turned around companies, and turned around the Olympics, now Massachusetts needed Mitt Romney to turn us around. Massachusetts was in deep trouble. We had a massive budget gap and soaring unemployment. People in my state were losing hope for themselves, their families and their children. Sadly very much like our country finds itself today. Mitt Romney answered the call of service, and accepted the challenge. How did he fix our state? well he quickly assembled a cabinet of the best and the brightest, drawing on both parties Republicans and Democrats, half women, half men, to give him the full spectrum of ideas and advice. He respected different opinions. He valued open debate, and when it was all said and done, Mitt Romney knew how to make a decision. Governor Romney did what many thought was impossible. He turned around a three billion dollar budget gap and created a two billion dollar Rainy Day Fund. He even worked to streamline government but at the same time made certain to safeguard protections for the elderly, children, and the homeless. In education Governor Romney gave parents more choices, insisted on tough standards for both teachers and students, and Massachusetts schools became the best in the nation. We cleared out regulations on small businesses, and we cut taxes 19 times. And as a result, unemployment dropped only four point seven percent, and unlike President Obama, Governor Romney's economic policies were rewarded with a credit upgrade. Now those are the facts and figures but when people find out that I served as Mitt Romney's lieutenant governor, they always asked me the same question: what's he like? First and foremost, Mitt Romney is a good and honorable man, committed to public service and his country. On the morning he took the oath of office, his first act was to focus public attention on those in need. We serve breakfast to homeless veterans, encouraging volunteerism, and acknowledging the special debt we owe to those who sacrifice for our country. You know you may not know this but Mitt Romney never took a salary as Governor. But he worked harder than anyone I know. every morning very early before the rest of us arrived Mitt would meet with his economic secretary. They worked tirelessly because for Mitt creating jobs was his top priority. Mitt was always a hands-on leader when one of Boston's tunnels collapsed, tragically killing a passenger in her car, Mitt didn't blame others, he dove in and fixed the problem. Mitt immersed himself in the engineering challenges, personally oversaw safety inspections, abolished cronyism and corruption, and restored public confidence. That's the Mitt Romney i know, and he is ready to bring that same work ethic, vision, and integrity to the White House. Mitt Romney will never let our children's education be second best or allow their future prosperity to be mortgaged by today's political cowardice, he will respect those who build things with their own minds and their own hands, and Mitt Romney won't just talk about family values he will live them every day. And I'll tell you another thing. Mitt Romney understands that the world is safer when our country leads and he will never apologize for America. Mitt Romney will lead us back to an America we can be proud of and ahead to a future where the American Dream is alive again and within every man and woman's reach. Thank You Mitt Romney for believing in America and America you can believe in Mitt Romney. Thank you.
01:51:50
Jane Edmonds
Thank you for the warm welcome. I am honored to be here with you tonight to share my feelings about Mitt Romney. By way of background my politics is as a liberal Democrat. My passion is about education, workforce, training, and leadership. When I first met governor Romney I was struck by his humanity, his grace, his kind manner. It was just the two of us in his office when I met him as a finalist for a cabinet position in his administration. I could tell immediately just by our interaction that he is the real thing, authentic. He struck me then and now as honest, transparent, and inclusive. I somehow knew during that meeting that he is demanding of himself and he'd be demanding of anyone who is part of his administration. I wanted to be around him and in that kind of environment where my energy skills and talent could be channeled along with others toward the public good. I could tell by our conversation that the governor was in office not for himself or to promote himself but for the people. My initial size up of the man held true during the four years I served in his cabinet. I saw him up close and personal many times, and he always drove us in his administration to make government better for the people. One area where he made a positive difference is in improving the representation of women in senior positions in Massachusetts state government. Before Governor Romney took office in 2003 women were significantly underrepresented among top roles in government with fifty two percent of the population but just thirty percent of the jobs. Over the next two and a half years forty two percent of the new appointments made by Governor Romney were women. In fact based on a survey by the State University of New York, Massachusetts was ranked first in percentage of women holding top state positions. This led the Boston Globe to know women fill 10 of 20 top positions in governor Mitt Romney's administration, making the Commonwealth one of five states that come close to matching the percentage of top women appointees to the proportion of women in the overall population. This achievement happened because Mitt Romney cared about the issue. He took action to fix it and he delivered results. He is unquestionably an amazing steward and leader, a servant leader, and someone whom I respect very much. That's the kind of leadership that has always inspired me: unselfish leadership. The late Stephen Covey writes about two kinds of people: one type is all about themselves and their success and the other type works as hard as they can, and certainly succeeds but their success is motivated by doing good for others. That's how I see Governor Romney. He is authentic. He is open to good ideas wherever they come from. It doesn't matter if they're from a liberal Democrat like me. He'll listen and he's inclusive. As a great leader he brought out the best in me, and I know as president he will bring out the best in our country.
02:02:10
Kim Rhode
Thank you.
I have had the good fortune--the amazing blessing--to represent this great country, as a proud member of Team USA at the last five Olympic Games, in doubles trap and skeet shooting competitions.
I won my first gold medal in Atlanta, in the summer of 1996, and I just returned from the Olympics in London, a few weeks ago with another gold medal. This was one of a record-setting 104 medals won by Team USA, including 58 by women—which is the most ever. I think it's safe to say we showed the world that American women are a force to be reckoned with!
I'm honored to share the stage tonight with a handful of Olympic champions. Allow me to introduce them to you:
Dan Jansen – An American favorite through four Olympiads and a gold medalist.
Andy Gabel – A four-time, short track speed skating Olympian and a silver medal winner.
Rowdy Gaines – An Olympic Hall of Famer, and three-time Olympic gold medal winner.
Lea Ann Parsley – A silver medalist in the women's skeleton in 2002.
Noelle Pikus Pace – The 2007 skeleton World Champion and 2010 Olympian.
Bill Schuffenhaer – A three-time Olympian and an Olympic bobsled silver medalist in 2002.
Jimmy Shea – The only third-generation Olympian, winning the gold medal in skeleton in 2002.
Jean Racine-Prahm – A two-time World Cup champion bobsledder, and two-time Olympian.
Scott Hamilton – An American icon and 1984 gold medalist known for his backflip.
Christopher Devlin-Young – An American Paralympic alpine skier who won two Gold medals and two Silver medals.
Derek Parra – A gold and silver medalist speed skater in 2002.
Mike Eruzione – Captain of the 1980 Winter Olympics U.S. hockey team that defeated the Soviet Union in the famous Miracle on Ice game.
From the time when I walked into the Games in Atlanta as a wide-eyed 16-year-old to the moment a few weeks ago, when I heard our national anthem played in London as a seasoned veteran, I've seen our country both prosper and more recently falter.
Not unlike my athletic career, there were times when things were going very well, and times when they were not. It was in those times — when things were difficult — that I learned to rely on strong leadership to get me—as they say in my world — back on target.
The strong leadership of a more experienced teammate of my coaches and, of course — most importantly — the strong leadership of my mom and dad.
I came here tonight because I believe that today our country is off-target. We need the leadership of Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan to turn our country around so the millions of Americans who have taken aim at their own dreams -- whatever they may be -- have the opportunity for those dreams to come true just like our Olympic dreams did.
We need strong leadership, we need new leadership and we need it now.
We are here on stage because we know America needs the leadership of Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan!
Thank you and goodnight.
02:07:25
Mike Eruzione 
Good Evening. I am Mike Eruzione.
I am honored to have this opportunity tonight to talk with you about the global significance of the Olympic movement — its ideals and its meaning – and how it was rescued by Mitt Romney.
It has been over 10 years, so many of you may have forgotten, but in 2002, due to bribery scandals and mismanagement, the Olympics — not just those Games — but the Olympics as an institution — were threatened.
Thankfully, Mitt Romney was there, to salvage a desperate situation.
Mitt's leadership not only turned around those Games by solving the operational and financial problems – but he did something deeper – he drew a line in the sand and said, that the 2002 Games would have the highest standards of ethics and integrity.
He put Olympians — the athletes — and the ideals of the Olympics back at the center of the Games.
He focused on restoring the Olympics to the top pedestal of sports and he preserved the opportunity — and idealism — of the Olympics for future generations.
I was fortunate to compete in the Olympics as the captain of the 1980 U.S. "Miracle on Ice" hockey team. And that team was proud and honored to light the cauldron for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. That action, of passing along the flame of the Olympic spirit symbolizes something grander than all of us. It is the single greatest movement that brings all humans — across the world — together.
We are all fortunate that Mitt Romney kept that fire burning!
As a result of the 2002 Olympics, I had the opportunity to get to know Mitt and Ann Romney and to see what they have accomplished.
Mitt is a brilliant leader who is committed to the highest ideals and he is a wonderful and caring family man.
Just like the Olympics needed Mitt's leadership 10 years ago, America desperately needs Mitt Romney's leadership today. Please join me in making him the next President of the United States!
Thank you.
02:10:28
Derek Parra
I am Derek Parra.
I'm a 5'4" Mexican-American from Southern California.
Those are just three reasons it didn't add up for me to have ever become a Winter Olympic champion.
But somehow, from inside a Roller Rink as a teenager, a dream grew within my heart that, someday maybe I could represent my country at the Olympic Games.
And I chased that dream for over 20 years and eventually, it led me to Salt Lake City.
With great effort and the help of some amazing people along the way, I had become one of the top speed skaters in the world and the finish line was in sight!
But as the Olympics appeared on the horizon, that dream was almost derailed.
The Olympics were mired in scandal and budget deficit and, even worse, the national tragedy of September 11th that shook our entire nation to its very core.
It was a time of uncertainty. But in my Olympic world, Mitt Romney was at the helm.
His vision and commitment got the Games back on track and gave me the opportunity to realize my athletic dream.
Not only did Mitt facilitate my dream in 2002, he facilitated the dreams of athletes from around the world.
At that time I had only met Mitt briefly, but after the Olympics I got to know him and for a period of time I lived with him and his family.
I know Mitt and know him well. I know him as a businessman and as a leader. I know him as a father and as a very, very busy grandfather.
And I'm proud to say I know him as a friend.
Now, you might think my greatest Olympic moment came when I stood on the podium for the first time, with a gold medal around my neck. But you'd be wrong.
In fact, my most powerful Olympic memory came before the Olympics even got started!
It's a story I've heard Mitt reference a number of times on the campaign trail, so I would like to share it with you now, firsthand.
February 8th, 2002, was a cold, but clear night in Salt Lake City. It was the night of the Opening Ceremonies.
I was competing the very next morning so I was not planning to attend. That is, until I got a call from the U.S. Olympic Committee just hours before the ceremony asking me if I would be one of the eight athletes selected to carry the World Trade Center flag into the Opening Ceremonies. I was floored.
Instantly, I knew this was something I had to do. Something I wanted to do. It was an honor beyond anything I could have ever imagined.
While it's now just over 10 years later, at that time, our country was still reeling from the wounds, the trauma and the pain of September 11th.
As the Opening Ceremonies got under way, the other flag-bearing athletes and I gathered backstage.
We were standing with the Port Authority Officers, whose job it was to oversee the flag.
They began telling us how proud they were of us - that the families of the victims were proud of us - that all the people who'd lost their lives would be proud of us.
When it came time to begin the procession, I touched the flag for the first time, and I remember a physical sensation unlike anything I had ever experienced. If it's possible to feel your soul being touched, then that is what I felt.
As we carried the flag out before the capacity crowd and a worldwide television audience, the silence was deafening. The flag, which had flown over so much pain and loss, still stood for life, love and the hope of our nation.
There are few times in any life when the emotion of the moment is all that exists. That night time stood still.
As our national anthem rang out — like never before — I stood there holding that flag, the symbol of everything our country had ever been through, with tears streaming down my face.
That moment came under the leadership of Mitt Romney and it not only inspired me, but it inspired all of Team USA, and we went on to win a record number of medals.
Today our country is struggling. But the right leaders can inspire us to push on, to overcome seemingly insurmountable challenges and to accomplish great things.
Mitt Romney is that kind of leader.
Thank you and God bless you!
02:33:23
Clint Eastwood
Thank you very much. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you very much. Save a little for Mitt. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking what's a movie tradesman doing out here? You know they're all left wingers out there, left allena.  At least that's what people think but that's not really the case. There are a lot of conservative people, a lot of moderate people, Republicans, Democrats and in Hollywood. it's just the conservative people by the nature of the word itself are at play a little more close to the vest. they don't go around hot dogging it so but they're there believe me they're there. And uh, I I just uh, I think that in fact you some of them around town I saw Jon Voight there's a lot of people around here in town. Jon's there Academy Award winner, uh, terrific guy and these people are all like-minded like all of us. so I've got um I've got Mr. Obama sitting here and he's I just was going to ask him a couple questions but you know about I  remember three and a half years ago when Mr. Obama won the election, and though I wasn't a big supporter, I was watching that night when he was having that thing and they were talking about hope and change, and they were talking about “yes we can”, and, and it was dark and outdoors and it was nice, and people were lighting candles, and they were saying uh, uh, you know  and and you know and I just thought this is great. I mean everybody's crying, Oprah was crying, and I was even crying and then finally I haven't cried that hard since I found out that there's 23 million unemployed people in this country. and now now that that is something to cry for, because that is a disgrace and national disgrace. and we've haven't done enough obviously this administration hasn't done enough to cure that and whatever interest they have is not strong enough and I think possibly now it may be time for somebody else to come along and solve the problem. So Mr. president how do you, uh, how do you handle uh, how do you handle promises that you've made when you were running for election, and how do you handle, uh, how do you handle it, I mean what do you say to people, do you, do you just, uh, do you just you know I know people, people were wondering you don't know, okay well, I know even some of the people in your own party were very disappointed when you didn't close Gitmo, and I thought well I think yet closing Gitmo why close that we spent so much money on it. but I thought maybe it's an excuse, what do you mean shut up okay. I just I thought it was just because somebody had a stupid idea of trying terrorists in downtown New York City. I've got a I've got to hand it to you I've got to give credit where credit's due you did overrule that finally, and that's so now we're moving onward and I know in in the, I know you were against the war in Iraq, and that's okay but you thought the war in Afghanistan was was okay, yeah I mean you thought that was something that was worth doing. we didn't check with the Russians to see how they did there for the ten years, but but it we did it and uh, it was you know it's a it's something to, to be thought about, and I think that uh, that when we get to maybe, I think you mentioned something about having a target date for bringing everybody home, and you give that targeted date and and I think Mister uh,  Romney asked the only sensible question on he says why are you giving the date out now why don't you just bring them home tomorrow morning? I thought I thought yeah there's a I'm not going to shut up, it's my turn so anyway, we got we're going to have we're going to have to have a little chat about that, and then I, I just wondered these all these promises and then I, I wondered about uh, uh, you know when, when, the, what, what do you want me to tell Romney? I can't tell him to do that but can't do that to himself, you're crazy. You're absolutely crazy. You're getting as bad as Biden. I, of course we all know Biden is, Biden is the intellect of the Democratic Party, just a kind of a kind of a grin with a body behind it, you know thing, but um, I, I just I just think that there's so much to be done and uh, I think that Mr., Mr. Romney, and Mr. Ryan are two guys that can come along. I guess see I never thought it was good idea for attorneys to be President anyway, because it I think, yeah I think attorneys are so busy you know they're always taught to argue, everything and always weigh everything at weigh both sides and they're always you know they're always devil's advocating this and bifurcating this and bifurcating that, you know all that stuff, but uh, I think it's maybe time what do you think for maybe a businessman, how about that, a stella businessman, quote-on quote stellar businessman, and I think it's that time and I think if you just kind of stepped aside and Mr. Romney I can to kind of take over. You can still use the plane though maybe a smaller one, not that big gas guzzler that you're driving around when you're going around to colleges and talking about student loans and stuff like that. I think you're an ecological man, why would you want to drive that truck around? okay anyway oh I'm sorry I can't do that to myself either, anyway, but I just like to say something ladies and gentlemen, uh, something that I think is very important is that you, we, we own this country, thank you, thank you. yes we own and it's not you owning it and not politicians owning it. Politicians are employees of ours so, they're just going to come around and beg for votes every few years, and it's the same old deal. but I just think that uh, it's important that you realize it and, and that you're the best in the world, and whether you're Democrat or whether you're a pro Republic I know whether you're libertarian or whatever you're the best and we should not ever forget that. and we, when somebody does not do the job we've got to let them go. Okay, yes, okay, just remember that and I'm speaking out for everybody out there, it doesn't hurt we don't have to be. I don't say that word anymore, well maybe one last time. What i'm saying is we don't have to be, what I'm saying is we don't have to be mental masochist and vote for somebody that we don't even really want in the in the, in office we just because they seem to be nice guys or maybe not so nice guys, if you look at some of the recent ads going out there I don't know, but okay you want to make my day. I, alright I'll start it you finish it, go ahead, thank you thank you very much.
02:44:53
Marco Rubio
Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you.
I think I just drank Clint Eastwood's water.  Thank you.
   Thank you so much.  Thank you so much for having me here today and thank you so much for doing this convention here in Florida. Before I begin --
   Thank you.  Before I begin this is such an important night for my country.
Thank you so much -- thank you so much for having me here today, and thank you so much for doing this convention here in Florida. You know, before I begin -- yes, thank you -- before I being, this is such an important night for my country.  I want to begin -- with your permission -- 80 seconds, to talk about another country.  A country located just a few hundred miles away from this city, the country of my parents birth. There is no freedom or liberty in Cuba, and tonight, I ask for your prayers that soon freedom and liberty will be there as well.
   It -- this is a big honor for me.  Not so long ago I was just an underdog candidate.  The only people who thought I could win all live in my house.  Four of them were under the age of 10. But this is incredible when I was asked to introduce Governor Romney, who will hear from in just a moment, he is backstage, ready to go. So, I called a few people, and asked them, ``What should I say?'' And they had a lot of different opinions, but the one thing they all said was, ``Don't mess it up.''  So, I thought the best way to introduce Mitt Romney tonight, the next president of the United States...... is to talk about what this election is about.  And I'm so honored to do this here in Florida at the Republican national convention in front of all you patriots.  I watched my first convention in 1980 with my grandfather. My grandfather was born to a farming family in rural Cuba. Childhood polio left him permanently disabled.  Because he couldn't work the farm, his family sent him to school.  He was the only one in his family that knew how to read.  He was a huge influence on the growing up.  As a boy, I sat on the porch of my house and listen to his stories about history and politics and baseball, as he would talk on one of its three daily (inaudible) cigars. Now, I don't remember, it has been three decades since we last sat on that porch.  I don't remember all the things he talked to me about.  But the one thing I remember is the one thing he wanted me never to forget.  That the dreams he had when he was young became impossible to achieve .  But there was no limit to how far I could go, because I was an American.
   Now for those of us -- here's why I say that -- here's why I say that.  Because for those of us who were born and raised in this country, sometimes it becomes easy to forget how special America is. But my grandfather understood how different America was from the rest of the world because he knew life outside America. Tonight, you will hear from another man who understands what makes America exceptional.
   Mitt Romney knows America's prosperity did not happen because our government simply spent more money.  It happened because our people use their own money to open a business.  And when they succeed, they hire more people, who invest or spend their money in the economy, helping others start a business or create jobs.
   Now tonight, we have heard for a long time now about Mitt Romney's success in business.  It is well known.  But we've also learned he is so much more than that.  Mitt Romney is a devoted husband, a father, a grandfather, a generous member of his community and church, a role model for younger Americans like myself. Everywhere he has been, he has volunteered his time and talent to make things better for those around him.  And we are blessed that a man like this will soon be the president of these United States.
   Now, let me be clear so that no one misunderstands.  Our problem with President Obama is not. He is a bad person.  By all accounts, he too is a good husband, a good father, and thanks to lots of practice, a good golfer.  Our problem is not that he is a bad person.  Our problem is that he is a bad president.
   Do you think he's watching tonight?  Because his new slogan is the word, forward.  Forward.  A government that spends $1 trillion more than it takes in?  An $800 billion stimulus that treated more debt than jobs?  A government intervention into healthcare paid for with higher taxes and cuts to Medicare, scores of new rules and regulations.  These ideas to not move us forward.  These ideas move us backwards.
   These are tired and old big government ideas that have failed every time and everywhere they have been tried.  These are ideas that people come to America to get away from.
   These -- these are ideas that threaten to make America more like the rest of the world instead of helping the rest of the world become more like America.
   As for his old slogan, under Barack Obama, the only change is that hope is hard to find.
   Now, sadly, millions of Americans are insecure about their future.  Instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes a special, he divides us against each other.
   He tells Americans that they're worse off because others are better off, that richer people got rich by making other people poor. Hope and change has become divide and conquer.
   But in the end of this election, it doesn't matter how you feel about President Obama.  This election is about your future, not about his.
   And -- and this election is not simply a choice between a Democrat and Republican.  It is a choice about what kind of country you want America to be.
   And as we prepare to make this choice, we should remember what made us special.  -- remember what made us special .  You see, for most of our human history, almost everybody was poor. Power and wealth only belonged to a few.  Your rights are whatever your rulers allowed you to have, your future was determined by your past.  If your parents were poor, so would you be.  If you were born without opportunities, so were your children.
   But America was founded on the idea that every person has God given rights.
   Founded on the belief that power belongs to the people, that government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests, and that no one should be trapped in the circumstances of their birth.  We should be free to go as far as our talents and our work can take us.
   And we're special -- we're special because we are united -- we're united not as a common race or ethnicity, we are bound together by common values.  The family is the most important
institution in society.
   And that almighty God is the source of all we have. We are special.  We are special because we have never made the mistake of believing we are so smart that we can rely solely on our leaders or on our government.  Our national motto, ``in God we trust'', reminding us that faith in our creator is the most important American value of them all.
   And we are special -- we're special because we've always understood the scriptural admonition, that for everyone to whom much is given, from him much will be required. Well, my fellow Americans, we are a uniquely blessed people, and we have honored those blessings with the enduring example of an exceptional America.
   I know for many of you watching at home tonight, the last few years have tested your faith in the promise of America. Maybe you are at an age when you thought you would be entering retirement, but now because your savings and investments are wiped out your future is uncertain.
   Maybe after years of hard work this was the time you expected to be your prime earnings years, but instead, you've been laid off and your house is worth less than your mortgage. Maybe you did everything you were told to do to get ahead. You studied hard and finished school, but now you owe thousands of dollars in student loans, you can't find a job in your field, and you've had to move back in with your parents.  You want to believe we're still that special place where anything is possible.  You just do not seem -- things not seen to be getting any better, and you wonder if things will ever be the same again.
   Yes, we live in a troubled time, but the story of those who came before us reminds us that America has always been about new beginnings, and Mitt Romney is running for president because he knows, if we are willing to do for our children what our parents did for us, life in America can be better than it has ever been.
   My mother was one of seven girls whose parents often went to bed hungry so their children wouldn't.  My father lost his mother when he was nine.  He had to leave school and to go to work, and he would work for the next 70 years of his life.  They immigrated to America with little more than the hope of a better life.  My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a hotel maid, a stock clerk at Kmart.  They never made it big.  They were never rich, and yet they were successful, because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that have been impossible for them.
   Many nights growing up I would hear my father's keys at the door as he came home after another 16-hour day.  Many mornings, I woke up just as my mother got home from the overnight shift at Kmart.  When you're young and in a hurry, the meaning of moments like this escape you.  Now, as my children get older, I understand it better.  My dad used to tell us -- (SPEAKING IN SPANISH) -- in this country, you'll be able to accomplish all the things we never could.  A few years ago, I noticed a bartender behind the portable bar in the back of the ballroom.  I remembered my father, who worked as many years as a banquet bartender.  He was grateful for the work he had, but that's not like he wanted for us.  You see, he stood behind the ball all those years so that one day I could stand  behind a podium, in the front of a room.
   That journey -- that journey, from behind that bar to behind this podium, goes to the essence of the American miracle. That we're exceptional, not because we have more rich people here.  We are special because dreams that are impossible anywhere else, they come true here.
   But that is not just my story.  That's your story.  That's our story.  That's the story of your mothers, who struggled to give you what they never had.  That's the story of your father who worked two jobs so that the doors that had been closed to them will be open for you.  That's the story of that teacher or that coach who taught the lessons that may do for you are today. And it's the story of a man who was born into an uncertain story in a foreign country, whose family came to escape revolution.  They struggled through poverty and the Great Depression, and yet he rose to be an admired businessman and public servant.  And in November, his son Mitt Romney, will be elected president of the United States.
   In America, we are all just a generation or two removed from somebody who made our future the purpose of their lives. America is the story of everyday people who did extraordinary things, a story woven deep into the fabric of our society.  Their stories may never be famous, but in the lives they lived, you will find the essence of America's greatness.
   And to make sure that America is still a place where tomorrow is always better than yesterday, that is what our politics should be about.  And that is what we are deciding in this election.
   We decide, do we want our children to inherit our hopes and dreams?  Or do we want to inherit our problems?  Because if Mitt Romney believes, if we succeed in changing the direction of our country, our children and grandchildren will be the most prosperous generation ever, and their achievements will astonish the world.
   The story of our time will be written by Americans who haven't yet even been born.  Let us make sure it right that we did our part. That, in the early years of this new century, we lived in an uncertain time, but we did not allow fear to make us abandon what made us special.
   We chose more government instead of more freedom.  We chose the principles of our founding to solve the challenges of our time.  We chose a special man to lead us in a special time.  We chose Mitt Romney to lead our nation and, because we did, the American miracle lived on for another generation to inherit.
   My fellow Republicans, my fellow Americans, I am proud to introduce to you, the next president of the united states of America, Mitt Romney.
03:06:30
Mitt Romney
Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. 
I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility. 
Tonight I am asking you to join me to walk together to a better future. By my side, I have chosen a man with a big heart from a small town. He represents the best of America, a man who will always make us proud of my friend and America’s next Vice President, Paul Ryan. In the days ahead, you will get to know Paul and Janna better. But last night America got to see what I saw in Paul Ryan- a strong and caring leader who is down to earth and confident in the challenge this moment demands. I love the way he lights up around his kids and how he's not embarrassed to show the world how much he loves his mom. But Paul, I still like the playlist on my iPod better than yours. Four years ago, I know that many Americans felt a fresh excitement about the possibilities of a new president. That president was not the choice of our party but Americans always come together after elections. We are a good and generous people who are united by so much more than what divides us. When that hard fought election was over, when the yard signs came down and the television commercials finally came off the air, Americans were eager to go back to work, to live our lives the way Americans always have - optimistic and positive and confident in the future. That very optimism is uniquely American. It is what brought us to America. We are a nation of immigrants. We are the children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the ones who wanted a better life, the driven ones, the ones who woke up at night hearing that voice telling them that life in that place called America could be better. They came not just in pursuit of the riches of this world but for the richness of this life. Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience. We Americans have always felt a special kinship with the future. When every new wave of immigrants looked up and saw the Statue of Liberty, or knelt down and kissed the shores of freedom just ninety miles from Castro’s tyranny, these new Americans surely had many questions. But none doubted that here in America they could build a better life, that in America their children would be more blessed than they. But today, four years from the excitement of the last election, for the first time, the majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future. It is not what we were promised. Every family in America wanted this to be a time when they could get ahead a little more, put aside a little more for college, do more for their elderly mom who’s living alone now or give a little more to their church or charity. Every small business wanted these to be their best years ever, when they could hire more, do more for those who had stuck with them through the hard times, open a new store or sponsor that Little League team. Every new college graduate thought they'd have a good job by now, a place of their own, and that they could start paying back some of their loans and build for the future. This is when our nation was supposed to start paying down the national debt and rolling back those massive deficits. This was the hope and change America voted for. It’s not just what we wanted. It’s not just what we expected. It’s what Americans deserved. You deserved it because during these years, you worked harder than ever before. You deserved it because when it cost more to fill up your car, you cut out movie nights and put in longer hours. Or when you lost that job that paid $22.50 an hour with benefits, you took two jobs at 9 bucks an hour and fewer benefits. You did it because your family depended on you. You did it because you’re an American and you don’t quit. You did it because it was what you had to do. But driving home late from that second job, or standing there watching the gas pump hit 50 dollars and still going, when the realtor told you that to sell your house you’d have to take a big loss, in those moments you knew that this just wasn’t right. But what could you do? Except work harder, do with less, try to stay optimistic. Hug your kids a little longer; maybe spend a little more time praying that tomorrow would be a better day. I wish President Obama had succeeded because I want America to succeed. But his promises gave way to disappointment and division. This isn't something we have to accept. Now is the moment when we CAN do something. With your help we will do something. Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, “I’m an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better! So here we stand. Americans have a choice. A decision. To make that choice, you need to know more about me and about where I will lead our country. I was born in the middle of the century in the middle of the country, a classic baby boomer. It was a time when Americans were returning from war and eager to work. To be an American was to assume that all things were possible. When President Kennedy challenged Americans to go to the moon, the question wasn’t whether we'd get there, it was only when we'd get there. The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions on OUR souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world. God bless Neil Armstrong. Tonight that American flag is still there on the moon. And I don't doubt for a second that Neil Armstrong's spirit is still with us: that unique blend of optimism, humility and the utter confidence that when the world needs someone to do the really big stuff, you need an American. That's how I was brought up. My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution. I grew up with stories of his family being fed by the US Government as war refugees. My dad never made it through college and apprenticed as a lath and plaster carpenter. And he had big dreams. He convinced my mom, a beautiful young actress, to give up Hollywood to marry him. He moved to Detroit, led a great automobile company and became Governor of the Great State of Michigan. We were Mormons and growing up in Michigan; that might have seemed unusual or out of place but I really don’t remember it that way. My friends cared more about what sports teams we followed than what church we went to. My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would BE, and much less about what we would DO. Unconditional love is a gift that Ann and I have tried to pass on to our sons and now to our grandchildren. All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God’s love -- this world would be a far more gentle and better place. Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose. My mom and dad were true partners, a life lesson that shaped me by everyday example. When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, “Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?”  I wish she could have been here at the convention and heard leaders like Governor Mary Fallin, Governor Nikki Haley, Governor Susana Martinez, Senator Kelly Ayotte and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. As Governor of Massachusetts, I chose a woman Lt. Governor, a woman chief of staff, half of my cabinet and senior officials were women, and in business, I mentored and supported great women leaders who went on to run great companies. I grew up in Detroit in love with cars and wanted to be a car guy, like my dad. But by the time I was out of school, I realized that I had to go out on my own, that if I stayed around Michigan in the same business, I’d never really know if I was getting a break because of my dad. I wanted to go someplace new and prove myself. Those weren’t the easiest of days -too many long hours and weekends working, five young sons who seemed to have this need to re-enact a different world war every night. But if you ask Ann and I what we’d give, to break up just one more fight between the boys, or wake up in the morning and discover a pile of kids asleep in our room. Well, every mom and dad knows the answer to that. Those days were toughest on Ann, of course. She was heroic. Five boys, with our families a long way away. I had to travel a lot for my job then and I’d call and try to offer support. But every mom knows that doesn't help get the homework done or the kids out the door to school. I knew that her job as a mom was harder than mine. And I knew without question, that her job as a mom was a lot more important than mine. And as America saw Tuesday night, Ann would have succeeded at anything she wanted to. Like a lot of families in a new place with no family, we found kinship with a wide circle of friends through our church. When we were new to the community it was welcoming and as the years went by, it was a joy to help others who had just moved to town or just joined our church. We had remarkably vibrant and diverse congregants from all walks of life and many who were new to America. We prayed together, our kids played together and we always stood ready to help each other out in different ways. And that’s how it is in America. We look to our communities, our faiths, our families for our joy, our support, in good times and bad. It is both how we live our lives and why we live our lives. The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America’s communities, large and small. It’s when we see that new business opening up downtown. It’s when we go to work in the morning and see everybody else on our block doing the same. It’s when our son or daughter calls from college to talk about which job offer they should take…and you try not to choke up when you hear that the one they like is not far from home. It’s that good feeling when you have more time to volunteer to coach your kid’s soccer team, or help out on school trips. But for too many Americans, these good days are harder to come by. How many days have you woken up feeling that something really special was happening in America? Many of you felt that way on Election Day four years ago. Hope and Change had a powerful appeal. But tonight I'd ask a simple question: If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn’t you feel that way now that he’s President Obama? You know there’s something wrong with the kind of job he’s done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him. The President hasn’t disappointed you because he wanted to, the President has disappointed America because he hasn’t led America in the right direction. He took office without the basic qualification that most Americans have and one that was essential to his task. He had almost no experience working in a business. Jobs to him are about government. I learned the real lessons about how America works from experience. When I was 37, I helped start a small company. My partners and I had been working for a company that was in the business of helping other businesses. So some of us had this idea that if we really believed our advice was helping companies, we should invest in companies. We should bet on ourselves and on our advice. So we started a new business called Bain Capital. The only problem was, while WE believed in ourselves, nobody else did. We were young and had never done this before and we almost didn’t get off the ground. In those days, sometimes I wondered if I had made a really big mistake. I had thought about asking my church’s pension fund to invest, but I didn't. I figured it was bad enough that I might lose my investors’ money, but I didn’t want to go to hell too. Shows what I know. Another of my partners got the Episcopal Church pension fund to invest. Today there are a lot of happy retired priests who should thank him. That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story. Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An office supply company called Staples â€“ where I'm pleased to see the Obama campaign has been shopping; The Sports Authority, which became a favorite of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised. At a time when nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is one of the largest steel producers in the United States. These are American success stories. And yet the centerpiece of the President’s entire re-election campaign is attacking success. Is it any wonder that someone who attacks success has led the worst economic recovery since the Great Depression? In America, we celebrate success, we don't apologize for it. We weren’t always successful at Bain. But no one ever is in the real world of business. That’s what this President doesn’t seem to understand. Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world. It’s the genius of the American free enterprise system - to harness the extraordinary creativity and talent and industry of the American people with a system that is dedicated to creating tomorrow’s prosperity rather than trying to redistribute today's. That is why every president since the Great Depression who came before the American people asking for a second term could look back at the last four years and say with satisfaction: "you are better off today than you were four years ago." Except Jimmy Carter. And except this president. This president can ask us to be patient. This president can tell us it was someone else’s fault. This president can tell us that the next four years he’ll get it right. But this president cannot tell us that YOU are better off today than when he took office. America has been patient. Americans have supported this president in good faith. But today, the time has come to turn the page. Today the time has come for us to put the disappointments of the last four years behind us. To put aside the divisiveness and the recriminations. To forget about what might have been and to look ahead to what can be. Now is the time to restore the Promise of America. Many Americans have given up on this president but they haven’t ever thought about giving up. Not on themselves. Not on each other. And not on America. What is needed in our country today is not complicated or profound. It doesn't take a special government commission to tell us what America needs. What America needs is jobs. Lots of jobs. In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before. Nearly one out of six Americans is living in poverty. Look around you. These are not strangers. These are our brothers and sisters, our fellow Americans. His policies have not helped create jobs, they have depressed them. And this I can tell you about where President Obama would take America: His plan to raise taxes on small business won't add jobs, it will eliminate them; His assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China; His trillion dollar cuts to our military will eliminate hundreds of thousands of jobs, and also put our security at greater risk; His $716 billion cut to Medicare to finance Obamacare will both hurt today's seniors, and depress innovation - and jobs - in medicine. And his trillion-dollar deficits will slow our economy, restrain employment, and cause wages to stall. To the majority of Americans who now believe that the future will not be better than the past, I can guarantee you this: if Barack Obama is re-elected, you will be right. I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon. And unlike the President, I have a plan to create 12 million new jobs. It has 5 steps. First, by 2020, North America will be energy independent by taking full advantage of our oil and coal and gas and nuclear and renewables. Second, we will give our fellow citizens the skills they need for the jobs of today and the careers of tomorrow. When it comes to the school your child will attend, every parent should have a choice, and every child should have a chance. Third, we will make trade work for America by forging new trade agreements. And when nations cheat in trade, there will be unmistakable consequences. Fourth, to assure every entrepreneur and every job creator that their investments in America will not vanish as have those in Greece, we will cut the deficit and put America on track to a balanced budget. And fifth, we will champion SMALL businesses, America’s engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare. Today, women are more likely than men to start a business. They need a president who respects and understands what they do. And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion. President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. MY promise...is to help you and your family. I will begin my presidency with a jobs tour. President Obama began with an apology tour. America, he said, had dictated to other nations. No Mr. President, America has freed other nations from dictators. Every American was relieved the day President Obama gave the order, and Seal Team Six took out Osama bin Laden. But on another front, every American is less secure today because he has failed to slow Iran's nuclear threat. In his first TV interview as president, he said we should talk to Iran. We're still talking, and Iran’s centrifuges are still spinning. President Obama has thrown allies like Israel under the bus, even as he has relaxed sanctions on Castro's Cuba. He abandoned our friends in Poland by walking away from our missile defense commitments, but is eager to give Russia's President Putin the flexibility he desires, after the election. Under my administration, our friends will see more loyalty, and Mr. Putin will see a little less flexibility and more backbone. We will honor America’s democratic ideals because a free world is a more peaceful world. This is the bipartisan foreign policy legacy of Truman and Reagan. And under my presidency we will return to it once again. You might have asked yourself if these last years are really the America we want, the America won for us by the greatest generation. Does the America we want borrow a trillion dollars from China? No. Does it fail to find the jobs that are needed for 23 million people and for half the kids graduating from college? No. Are its schools lagging behind the rest of the developed world? No. And does the America we want succumb to resentment and division? We know the answer. The America we all know has been a story of the many becoming one, uniting to preserve liberty, uniting to build the greatest economy in the world, uniting to save the world from unspeakable darkness. Everywhere I go in America, there are monuments that list those who have given their lives for America. There is no mention of their race, their party affiliation, or what they did for a living. They lived and died under a single flag, fighting for a single purpose. They pledged allegiance to the UNITED States of America. That America, that united America, can unleash an economy that will put Americans back to work, that will once again lead the world with innovation and productivity, and that will restore every father and mother's confidence that their children's future is brighter even than the past. That America, that united America, will preserve a military that is so strong, no nation would ever dare to test it. That America, that united America, will uphold the constellation of rights that were endowed by our Creator, and codified in our Constitution. That united America will care for the poor and the sick, will honor and respect the elderly, and will give a helping hand to those in need. That America is the best within each of us. That America we want for our children. If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it. And with your help we will deliver it. Let us begin that future for America tonight. Thank you so very much. May God bless you. May God bless the American people and May God bless the United States of America. 



