BEN STILLER (ACTOR AND FILMMAKER):

Starts with a "B." B-E. It's close. B-E and then it kind of falls off. Oh really? Yeah, first convention I'd ever been at. Yeah. And I was like flashing back to like when I was like whatever, like seven, eight years old, in the lobby of my building in New York holding McGovern signs. And like I just -- it's the first time ever to be in this atmosphere. But knowing what was happening tonight, it's such a historic moment to be a part of it, be able to bring my daughter. Very cool. It was, I mean, incredible. Yeah. I mean, first of all, she's going to be the first woman president, which is amazing. What she stands for, how she has united the country, I think, and is going to, and how she's about integrity and truth, reproductive freedom, ending gun violence, all these things that I think are important to most people, how she rose to the moment tonight, she was so strong, and the way she talked about what we need to do to beat Trump. I think she -- it was just an incredible, special, historic thing tonight. Right. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I think that's what the whole convention, it seems, has been about, you know, sort of presenting her, lifting her up, and really telling her story and letting people know in a very short amount of time who she is. And she just rose to it tonight. And I think I just was taken by how forceful, in a really honest and organic way she was, in a way that I think was telling people that she can do this, she can win this, and she can unite the country. Yes. Yeah, just to see the energy that has come about in such a -- so fast. And I think it was -- it was a really tough time. I think everybody was kind of looking at, you know, I think, feeling that like maybe this wasn't going to go the way we'd want it to go. And by the president doing this incredible thing of stepping aside, which, you know, no one ever does. And then how quickly Kamala Harris rose to the moment and how everybody coalesced around her. And the unity that you're feeling here, this unity, I think, is really special. I think everybody is very, very -- I mean, it's going to be a very close race, but I think everybody is energized and excited and wanting to work hard, like President Obama said, to get to work. Ella Stiller. Yeah. One hundred percent for me. Just the thought of a woman being president is so exciting. And I was 14 years old in the 2016 election. When Hillary lost, my heart was broken. And to hear her speak the other night and to be watching this and then to come here tonight, I'm so excited. I know all my friends are. I know that we have hope. And I know she's going to win. I voted for Joe Biden for the first time. Yes, during And I was so proud to vote for Biden, but this is -- this is very exciting for me. Yes, 100%. I think that tapping into what people my age and women my age and girls want to hear and, you know, the sort of meme culture of it all as silly as it is, you might underestimate it, it's real.