CHAIR (LOUISIANA DEMOCRATIC PARTY):

The great state of Louisiana, a state that embodies the principles and spirit of hope and resilience and so does Kamala Harris. The great state of Louisiana cast its one vote present and our 47 votes for the next president of the United States, Kamala Harris. Mr. Secretary, the people of Massachusetts smell something about making history. The first Thanksgiving at Plymouth, the first public school, the first public library where we don't ban books, healthcare for all and the first shots fired in our revolution and we are proud and as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to make history once again. Mr. Secretary, Massachusetts cast 116 votes, all of our votes for Kamala D. Harris for the office of president of the United States. Good evening from The Great Lakes state. I'm Michigan Democratic Party Chair, Lavora Barnes. Michigan has an incredible story, we put the world on wheels and we built the middle class. SEN. DEBBIE STABENOW (D-MI): I'm Senator Deborah Ann Stabenow. We are getting things done in Michigan in 2022. We lift our state health to represent for the first time in 40 years. We're getting it done in Michigan. GOV. GRETCHEN WHITMER (D-MI): And I'm Governor Gretchen Whitmer, we cut taxes. We protected freedoms, we brought manufacturing home and we know how to win. Nebraska, home of four tribal nations today, and icon, Malcolm X standing there and Willa Cather and our homegrown homeboy, Tim Walz. Nevada is the most diverse battleground state in the country, home of the late great Senator Eri Ree, the only Latina ever to serve in the US Senate, Catherine Cortez Masto, and we are the first and only women majority state legislature. As Nevada's first Black woman chair, I proudly deliver the silver state's 48 votes for the next president of the United States of America, Kamala Harris. My name is Anderson Clayton, I have the honor of serving as the youngest state party chair in this country, and North Carolina is the home of folks like Anthony Hamilton. Yes, Governor Jim Hunt, Dr. Reverie, William Barber, Nina Simone, we represent a new South. And we are proud to be that again this year by electing Josh Stein, Allison Riggs, Wesley Harris, Anita Earls, and everyone else that's on our ballot this year. We are going to make sure that we put Democrats on the ballot and in people's hearts and minds. North Carolina gives 131 votes to the phenomenal Kamala Harris. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. The state of South Dakota is proud to be part of such a historic moment in our country's history. We are a land that is proud of our hard working farmers and ranchers that celebrates nine tribal nations and their incredible cultures. Where natural beauty can be seen from the Big Sioux River to Mount Rushmore. South Dakota is honored to cast all 20 of our votes for Vice President Kamala Harris, who will soon be known as Madam President. (MUSIC PLAYING)