COONS ():

Folks, we are on the verge of making history. We are on the verge of an historic election, and I want to talk with you for just a few minutes about my dear friend, our president, Joe Biden. Joe Biden's mom had a saying. You are defined by your courage and you are redeemed by your loyalty. Four years ago, I had the honor of helping introduce Joe Biden to our national convention. I spoke about Joe's faith, his love of family, his determination to restore the soul of our nation. Back in 2020, America was nearly flat on our back from a deadly pandemic and economic collapse. And then in January, an assault on our democracy. All of this, all of this, because the drama and chaos of our former president had knocked us down. But, folks, Joe Biden's courage, Joe Biden's faith in us, Joe Biden's determination to heal the soul of our nation gave us hope and gave us confidence. Someone who has himself been knocked down by life time and again. Joe Biden knows the grit and determination of the American people. He believed in us and Joe Biden helped us get back up again. Using the incredible skills he'd developed in many years in the U.S. Senate, Joe got passed and signed into law the most consequential legislation of any president in 60 years. Helping our veterans, advancing gun safety, cutting prescription drug prices, fighting climate change, rebuilding bridges and broadband, bringing manufacturing back to America. Together, Joe and Kamala helped rebuild our economy from the middle up. from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down. And they made our families safer and our country stronger at home and abroad. Today, we are so much better off because they believed in us and our democracy. And our incredible first lady, Jill Biden. Our incredible First Lady Jill Biden. Our incredible First Lady Jill Biden. Was at Joe's side every step of the way, fighting for education, advancing the Cancer Moonshot, determined to improve women's health care, honoring military families. Joe and Jill, together, you have done so much for us and there is so much more you will do and we can do together. Mr. President, thank you. Thank you for elevating a great leader in Kamala Harris. Vice President Harris, thank you for choosing a great running mate with a heart for the middle class like yours in Sergeant, Congressman, Coach, Governor Tim Walz. I have hope. Do you? I have hope. Do you? I have hope. Do you? And it is in no small part because of Joe Biden. I have never known a more compassionate man than Joe Biden. I have never known a man who has taken from his own loss and his own faith and delivered so much for the future of so many others. Mr. President, you were my senator as a Delawarean. You are my president as an American, and you will always be my friend. On behalf of our nation, Joe, for your courage in fighting for our democracy, we thank you. On behalf of our Democratic Party, for your loyalty in fighting for our democratic values, we thank you. And on behalf of Delaware, thank you, Joe, and God bless you. We love you. We love Joe. We love Joe. We love Joe. We love Joe. (CHANTING) Thank you all. We love Joe. God bless you, and thank you very much.