D. TRUMP (JR.):

Before I begin my remarks, I'm going to do something a little uncharacteristic. A Trump is going to give up the microphone. It doesn't happen often. You may never see it again. But I got a call on Monday morning from a young lady who said, "Dad, I want to speak at the RNC." "I want to speak at the RNC because I want America to know what my grandpa is actually like." So for the first time ever on a stage, first time ever giving a speech, I want to bring out my eldest daughter and the eldest granddaughter of the president of the United States, your favorite president, Kai Madison Trump. Before I begin my remarks, I'm going to do something a little uncharacteristic. A Trump is going to give up the microphone. It doesn't happen often. You may never see it again. But I got a call on Monday morning from a young lady who said, "Dad, I want to speak at the RNC." "I want to speak at the RNC because I want America to know what my grandpa is actually like." So for the first time ever on a stage, first time ever giving a speech, I want to bring out my eldest daughter and the eldest granddaughter of the president of the United States, your favorite president, Kai Madison Trump. I'm speaking today to share the side of my grandpa that people don't often see. To me, he's just a normal grandpa. He gives us candy and soda when our parents aren't looking. He always wants to know how we're doing in school. When I made the high honor roll, he printed it out to show his friends how proud he was of me. I know. He calls me during the middle of the school day to ask how my golf game is going and tells me all about his. But then I have to remind him that I'm in school and I'll have to call him back later. When we play golf together, if I'm not on his team, he'll try to get inside of my head. I know. And he's always surprised that I don't let him get to me. But I have to remind him I'm a Trump, too. Even when he's going through all of these court cases, he always asks me how I'm doing. He always encourages me to push myself to be the most successful person I can be. Obviously, he sets the bar pretty high. But who knows? Maybe one day, I'll catch him. On Saturday I was shocked when I heard that he has been shot. And I just wanted to know if he was okay. It was heartbreaking that someone would do that to another person. A lot of people have put my grandpa through hell, and he's still standing. Grandpa, you are such an inspiration and I love you. The media makes my grandpa seem like a different person, but I know him for who he is. He is very caring and loving. He truly wants the best for this country. And he will fight every single day to make America great again. Thank you very much. (CROWD chanting Trump!) A lot of proud moments this week for my family. Thank you, again, guys. Really appreciate that. That's not easy. That's the first time. I mean, this is what we call a large crowd for a speech. So incredible work, Kai. Now back to business. Thank you, sir. Tonight we gather here in Milwaukee at one of the most crucial moments in American history. Just days ago something that once seemed unimaginable became a terrifying reality. My father came under literal fire as an incredible patriotic rally turned into a tragedy. On a field in Butler, Pennsylvania, a brave firefighter died, others were injured, and as those bullets rained down, we came millimeters away from one of the darkest moments in our nation's history. But we did lose an American hero that day. We wish that he were with us tonight. But his memory will live on forever in the hearts of his family, his community, and the nation that he loved.