D. TRUMP JR. ():

Listen, I think, I've seen him on TV. I've seen him prosecute the case against the Democrats. I think no one's more articulate than that. And I think his story, his background, really helps us in a lot of the places that you're going to need from the Electoral College standpoint. And I think it's just going to be a great choice. Couple seconds ago. He's doing well. I mean, obviously, it was a pretty somber moment. I was with my kids on a Saturday evening, and I get this news that he's been shot, but I couldn't get a hold of anyone. He was in lockdown at the hospital. It took about 90 minutes, so that was a long time. Before I could speak to him and really know what was going on. And when I did, he was, you know, just some shot, but a lot of resolve. He was able to -- he was joking about it and talking about it in a way that only my father could do. But it was just that moment when he stood up after being shot at and just showed resolve to keep fighting for this country. That was everything for me. I just literally told him I go, you're the biggest badass I know. And so we had some jokes about that. That was the first thing I thought to think of even in that moment because it was that powerful and that's the kind of resolve. That's why we had peace deals under Trump. That's why we had a great economy. You need that. We're watching right now the weakness that's led our country into all of these disasters, into these wars and it's because that's the nature of predation. When a predator sees weakness that we're exuding on the world stage, they pounce. And so -- -- I think it's going to be important to get that back and I'm looking forward to it. I think it has. I mean, I know he basically scrapped his speech that they've been working on. I was in the office when they were working with it for hours last week, and I think they just started from scratch with just a different message. We are going to try to unite this country. I mean, I take that kind of moment of just shocking moment that really changed I think even in his mindset of what we need to do to replace everything. I mean, I basically I think we all got the directive like, hey, whatever you were doing and I tend to get a little bit hot. So we're going to tone it down and keep it keep a different message out there. And I think that's going to be important actually. I think it's going to be important for us to move forward that way as a country. My dad is -- yes, listen. My dad, you know, this is his political adviser, when he hears the people, when he speaks to the crowds, that -- he doesn't listen to the pollsters or he doesn't look at polling. He doesn't make decisions that are bad because the poll says it's, you know, 0.24 basis points more, he doesn't think that way. He understands. He listens to the people and he has a trust his own gut instinct that he's done pretty well with that throughout his career. Listen, I think he's moving forward. That's what he is. He's a fighter He's going to get back in the game. He's never going to be pushed aside. He's, you know -- they've tried to go after him for so many ways, whether it was the businesses, where it's throwing him in jail, up to and including the death penalty and that. They've just tried everything to stop him. He's not meant to be stopped. He's meant to help fix this country. Thanks, Kaitlan.