Doug Burgum ():

And hello, North Dakota. It feels good to be here. The last time I was in Milwaukee, in this building, standing behind a podium was for the debate and I stood on one leg for two hours. You guys might remember I blew my Achilles the day before. But to kick things off, I have a question for you. And I need your help answering so nice and so loud that everyone at home can hear you. Are you ready? Who will make America energy dominant? Again, who will make America energy dominant? Again, who will make America energy dominant? Well, that's pretty good, but it's after 4:00 p.m. in D.C. So how about one more time, loud enough to wake up Joe Biden? Who will make America energy dominant? That's right because when President Trump unleashes American energy, we unleash American prosperity, and we ensure our national security. Serving as a governor with President Trump was like having a beautiful breeze at our back. He cut taxes and he cut red tape. Serving as a governor under Joe Biden has been like a gale force wind in our face. Biden's war on energy hurts every American because the cost of energy is in everything we use or touch every day. Biden's red tape has raised the price of the gas in your car, the cost of food on your table, the clothes on your back, and it's even raised your rent. Biden's green agenda feels like it was written by China, Russia and Iran. Let's look at Biden's EV mandates. Where do nearly all the batteries and rare earth minerals come from? China, you know. And the day that Biden halted permits for clean U.S. natural gas export facilities, just think about the party they must have thrown that night at the Kremlin because Biden's policies are making Russia and Iran filthy rich. And they're using that money to fund wars and terrorism against our allies. At home, Biden is acting like a dictator. He's using mandates to shut down reliable base load electricity. That's why your electric bills have soared upwards as our nation's electric grid reliability spirals downward. Four more years of Joe will usher an era of Biden brownouts and blackouts. Imagine no electricity for your fridge, your lights or air conditioning. President Trump will ensure that there's power for you and importantly that we have the power as United States to beat China in the A.I. arms race. Unleashing American energy dominance is our path back to prosperity and peace through strength. Teddy Roosevelt encouraged America to speak softly and carry a big stick. Energy dominance will be the big stick that President Trump will carry. Yes. President Trump will make sure that America is selling energy to our allies versus buying it from our adversaries. Innovation has always been the source of American greatness, and President Trump champions innovation over regulation. Last year, over that whole year, my wife Kathryn and I traveled all across America. As all of you know, it's rural America that feeds the world, that fuels the world, and defends the world, small towns with a huge impact and rural America is Trump country. In North Dakota, we know one thing for sure because we've seen him do it, and that's that the hardest working president in American history is Donald J. Trump. President Trump cares deeply about every American -- rig workers, truck drivers, roughnecks, and yes, America's great farmers and ranchers. President Trump cares deeply about you. We know that he'll fight for us. He'll fight for our families. And we know one more thing, he'll let all of you keep driving your gas- powered cars. When President Trump unleashes energy dominance, he will make America affordable again. He will make America strong again. And when President Donald J. Trump and J.D. Vance together, they will make America great again.