DUNCAN ():

So, let's get the hard part out of the way. I am a Republican. But tonight, I stand here as an American. (CROWD CHEERING) An American that cares more about the future of this country than the future of Donald Trump. My journey started to this podium years ago, when I realized Donald Trump was willing to lie, cheat, and steal to try to overturn the 2020 election. I realized Trump was a direct threat to democracy and his actions disqualified him from ever, ever, ever stepping foot into the Oval Office again. (CROWD CHEERING) I could spend my time revving up this crowd, but I am certain I don't have to talk anybody out of voting for Donald Trump here. So, I will focus my attention on the millions of Republicans and independents that are at home, that are sick and tired of making excuses for Donald Trump. (CROWD CHEERING) If Republicans are being intellectually honest with ourselves, our party is not civil or conservative. It is chaotic and crazy, and the only thing left to do is dump Trump. (CROWD CHEERING) These days our party acts more like a cult, a cult worshiping a felonious thug. Look, you don't have to agree with every policy position of Kamala Harris, I don't. But, you do have to recognize her prosecutor mind-set that understands right from wrong, good from evil. She is a steady hand and will bring leadership to the White House that Donald Trump could never do. (CROWD CHEERING) Let me be clear to my Republican friends at home watching. If you vote for Kamala Harris in 2024, you are not a Democrat. You are a patriot. (CROWD CHEERING) In our family, my wife Brooke and I are raising three boys, and we have a family motto. And it says doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing. During 2020, during the lowest of lows when we had armed officers outside our house protecting us from other Republicans, Donald Trump had targeted us. My son came downstairs and he handed me this coaster that I had given him years before at a father-son retreat for our church and he said, 'Hey dad, doing the right thing will never be the wrong thing. Stay strong.' (CROWD CHEERING) To my fellow Republicans at home that want to pivot back towards policy, empathy and tone, you know the right thing to do. Now, let's have the courage to do it in November. Thank you and god bless you. (CROWD CHEERING) (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) DONALD TRUMP, (R)