Gabrielle Giffords ():

I'm Gabby Giffords. I was born in the great state of Arizona! I was born with grit. I grew up racing motorcycles, mucking stalls, and exploring the beautiful desert. I fell for an astronaut. For five years, I served in Congress from a swing district. Everybody called me a rising star. Then, on January 8, 2011, a man tried to assassinate me. He shot 19 people. He killed six. Terrible, terrible day. I almost died. But I fought for my life and I survived. I learned to walk again one step at a time. I learned to talk again one word at a time. So many people helped me as I worked hard to recover, including a decent man from Delaware who always checked in. And he still does. Thank you, Joe Biden. Thank you for everything. Joe is a great president. My friend Kamala will be a great president. She is tough. She has grit. Kamala can beat the gun lobby. She can fight gun trafficking. Kamala stood up to Wall Street and the drug companies. She will protect abortion access. She will defend our freedom. She saved lives. Join me in voting for Kamala Harris! Bravo! Thank you. Woo! (CROWD chanting Gabby!) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE #1: I had the honor of meeting Vice President Harris when I got to introduce her when she spoke at my high school about gun violence. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE #2: Parkland happened. All I could think about was I wanted to keep my kids safe. UNIDENTIFIED MALE #1: On July 4th, 2022 I was next in line to walk in the Highland Park Independence Day Parade when shots erupted. Seven people were shot and killed and 48 more injured. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE #2: Vice President Harris has been a gun sense champion since she was our California A.G. UNIDENTIFIED MALE #1: We have two options in November. We have Kamala Harris who has already proven her leadership in the Biden-Harris administration. They passed the first ever comprehensive gun reform in 30 years. Meanwhile Donald Trump has cozied up to the NRA and the gun lobby. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE #1: I have full confidence in Vice President Harris that she's dedicated to and committed to finding a solution to end gun violence. Voice of