HILLARY CLINTON (FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE):

Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all so much. Thank you. Thank you, my fellow Democrats. Thank you, my fellow Americans. Thank you so much. You know -- Thank you all. Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you so much. Wow. There is a lot of energy in this room just like there is across the country. Something, something is happening in America. You can feel it. Something we've worked for and dreamed of for a long time. First, though, let's salute President Biden. He has been democracy's champion at home and abroad. He brought dignity, decency, and confidence back to the White House. And he showed what it means to be a true patriot. Thank you, Joe Biden, for your lifetime of service and leadership. (CROWD chanting Thank you, Joe!) And now we are writing a new chapter in America's story. You know, my mother Dorothy was born right here in Chicago before women had the right to vote. That changed 104 years ago yesterday. Think about it. Tennessee became the final state. To ratify the 19th Amendment to the Constitution. The state legislature was deadlocked until one lawmaker's mother, a widow who read three newspapers a day, sent a letter, a letter to her son. No more delays, she wrote. Give us the vote. And since that day, every generation has carried the torch forward. In 1972, a fearless Black congresswoman named Shirley Chisholm. She ran for president, and her determination let me and millions of others dream bigger, not just because of who she was, but because of who she fought for. Working parents, poor children. The last, the least, and the lost. In 1984, I brought my daughter to see Geraldine Ferraro, the first woman nominated for Vice President. If we can can do this, Gerry (sp?) said, we can do anything. And then there was 2016, when it was the honor of my life to accept our party's nomination for president. And nearly 66 million Americans voted for a future where there are no ceilings on our dreams. And afterwards, we refused to give up on America. Millions marched. Many ran for office. We kept our eyes on the future. Well, my friends, the future is here. I wish my mother and Kamala's mother could see us. They would say, keep going. Shirley and Gerry (sp?) would say, keep going. (CHANTING) Women fighting for reproductive healthcare are saying, keep going. Families building better lives, parents stretching to afford childcare, young people struggling to pay the rent. They're all asking us to keep going. (CROWD chanting Keep Going!) So, with faith in each other and joy in our hearts, let's send Kamala Harris and Tim Walz to the White House. You know, the story of my life and the history of our country is that progress is possible but not guaranteed. We have to fight for it and never, ever give up. There is always a choice. Do we push forward or pull back? Come together as we, the people, are split into us versus them. That's the choice we face in this election. Kamala has the character, experience, and vision to lead us forward. I know her heart and her integrity. We both got our start as young lawyers helping children who were abused and neglected. That kind of work changes a person. Those kids stay with you. Kamala carries with her the hopes of every child she protected, every family she helped, every community she served.