JILL BIDEN (FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES):

Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Love you, too. Joe and I have been together for almost 50 years. And still, there are moments when I fall in love with him all over again. Like when I handed him our Baby Ashley for the first time and saw the smile that lit up his face, or on nights after an exhausting day working in the Senate when he would read one more bedtime story just because the kids asked. When he stops on a rope line because he sees someone grieving, who needs to know that everything is going to be all right one day. Or to encourage that child with a stutter to find the confidence she needs. Those moments when I'm reminded of all he's accomplished in the name of something bigger than himself, receiving the Medal of Freedom with humility. Placing his hand on our family Bible to take his oath office. And weeks ago, when I saw him dig deep into his soul and decide to no longer seek reelection and endorse Kamala Harris. With faith and conviction, Joe knows that our nation's strength doesn't come from intimidation or cruelty. It comes from the small acts of kindness that heal deep wounds from service to the communities that make us who we are, from love of a country that shines with promise and renewal. Kamala Harris knows that, too. Our son, Beau, first worked with Kamala when he was attorney general of Delaware. He told me at the dinner table one night, mom, she's special. Someone to keep your eye on. And he was right. Joe and I know Kamala. We have seen her courage, her determination, and her leadership up close. Kamala and Tim, you will win. And -- and you are inspiring a new generation. We are all a part of something bigger than ourselves. And we are stronger than we know. The future of our country is in the hands of those in this room and all of you watching at home. It's going to take all of us, and we can't afford to lose. With faith in each other, hope for a brighter future and love for our country, we will fight and we will win together. Thank you. Thank you. Joe Biden is the OG girl, dad. He told me I could be anything, and I could do anything. As a child, I would sit on the leather chair in his office doing my homework. And he would sit next to me doing his work, drafting the Violence Against Women Act. And he wasn't just a girl dad. I could see -- and he wasn't just a girl dad, I could see that he valued and trusted women. How he listened to his mother. How he believed in his sister. And most of all, how he respected my mother's career. Dad was always there doing everything he could to be a true partner to her. Dad, you always tell us, but we don't tell you enough, that you are the love of our lives and the life of our love. I had my wedding reception in my parents' backyard. At the time, my dad was vice president. But he was also that dad who literally set up the entire reception. He was riding around in his John Deere four-wheeler, fixing the place settings, arranging the plants, and, by the way, he was very emotional. I thought that I would be a mess, but he was the one crying and I was the one who had to comfort him. Before he walked me down the aisle, he turned to me and said that he would always be my best friend. All these years later, dad, you are still my best friend. His example in service inspired my career. I'm a social worker in Philadelphia. I support formerly incarcerated women as they heal from past trauma and they reclaim their lives. Dad always told me that I was no better than anybody else and nobody was better than me. He taught me that everyone deserves a fair shot and that we shouldn't leave anyone behind. That's what you learn from a fighter who has been underestimated his entire life. When I look at dad, I see grace, strength, and humility. I see one of the most consequential leaders ever in history. And I also know that he never stops thinking about you, about your dreams, about your dignity, about your opportunity, about your families. Dad knows that family is everything. When Hunter and I lost our brother Beau to cancer in 2015, the grief and the pain felt like it might never end. Dad had the capacity to step out of his own pain and absorb ours. And I know that Beau is here with us tonight, as he is always with us. After he passed, I got this tattoo on my wrist. It says "courage, dear heart." A reminder to myself to keep going, to get back up, like my dad has always done. He has taught me that a courageous heart is a miraculous thing. A courageous heart can heal a family. A courageous heart can heal a nation and maybe even the world. And now, this election requires the courageous hearts of all of us. In 2020, my dad selected Kamala Harris to beat Donald Trump. And he knows in 2024, she will beat Donald Trump again. So tonight, I am asking you, if you stood with us in 2020, call upon your courageous heart. Stand with us today. Work harder than you have ever worked before in your life. This is the fight of our lifetime, our freedom, our democracy, our reproductive rights. All of this, all of it is on the ballot. And I know together we can do this because my dad helped show us the way. And now I would like to introduce my father, your 46th president of the United States, Joe Biden.