JOE BIDEN (PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES):

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.That was my daughter.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I tell you what -- -- to my dearest daughter, Ashley, God love you, you're incredible. Thank you for the introduction and for being my courageous heart, along with Hunter and our entire family, and especially our rock, Jill -- -- who as those of you who know us, she still leaves me both breathless and speechless. Everybody knows her, I love her more than she loves me. She walks down the stairs and I still get that going, boom, boom, boom. You all know me, no, I'm not kidding. Let's give a special round of applause to our First Lady, Jill Biden. My dad used to have an expression, for real, he'd say, Joey, family is the beginning, the middle, and the end. And I love you all. Folks, and America, I love you. Folks, let me ask you ---- let me ask you, are you ready to vote for freedom? Are you ready to vote for democracy and for America? Let me ask you, are you ready to elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz? As President and Vice President of the United States? My fellow Democrats, my fellow Americans, nearly four years ago in winter, on the steps of the Capitol, on a cold January day, I raised my right hand and I swore an oath to you and to God to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution and to faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States. In front of me, in front of me was the city surrounded by the National Guard. Behind me, a Capitol that, just two weeks before, had been overrun by a violent mob. But I knew then, from the bottom of my heart, that I knew now, there is no place in America for political violence, none. You cannot say you love your country only when you win. In that moment, I wasn't looking to the past, I was looking to the future. I spoke of the work at hand, the moment we had to meet. It was, as I told you then, a winter of peril and possibility, of peril and possibility. We're in the grip of a once-in-a-century pandemic, historic joblessness, a call for racial justice long overdue, clear and present threats to our very democracy. (CROWD chanting we love Joe!) Thank you. (CROWD chanting we love Joe!) And yet I believed then, and I believe now, that progress was and is possible. Justice is achievable, and our best days are not behind us, they are before us. Now it's summer. The winter has passed. With a grateful heart, I stand before you now on this August night to report that democracy has prevailed. Democracy has delivered. And now democracy must be preserved. You've heard me say it before. We are facing an inflection point. One of those rare moments in history when the decisions we make now will determine the fate of our nation and the world for decades to come. That's not hyperbole, I mean it literally. We're in the battle for the very soul of America. I ran for president in 2020 because one of what I saw in Charlottesville in August of 2017. Extremists coming out of the woods, carrying torches, their veins bulging from their necks, carrying Nazi swastikas, and chanting the same exact antisemitic bile that was heard in Germany in the early '30s. Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and the Ku Klux Klan, so emboldened by a president then in the White House that they saw as an ally. They didn't even bother to wear their hoods. Hate goes on to march in America. Old ghosts in new garments stirring up the oldest divisions, stoking the oldest fears, giving oxygen to the oldest forces that they long sought to tear apart America. In the process, a young woman was killed. When I contacted her mother to ask about what happened, she told me, when the president was asked what he thought had happened, Donald Trump said, and I quote, "There were very fine people on both sides." My God. That's what he said. That is what he said and what he meant. That's when I realized, I'd listen to the admonition of my dead son, I could not stay on the sidelines. So I ran. Because I had no intention of running again. I had just lost part of my soul. But I ran with a deep conviction in America. I know and believe in an America where honesty, dignity, decency, still matters. An America where everyone has a fair shot and hate has no safe harbor. An America where the fundamental creed of this nation, that all of us are created equal, is still very much alive, and a broad coalition of Americans joined with me. 81 million voters voted for us. More than any time in all of history. Because of all of you in this room and others, we came together in 2020 to save democracy. As your president, I've been determined to keep America moving forward, not going back. To stand against hate and violence in all its forms, to be a nation where we not only live but thrive on diversity. Demonizing no one, leaving no one behind, and becoming a nation that we profess to be. I also ran to rebuild the backbone of America, the middle class. I made a commitment to you that I'll be a president for all Americans, whether you voted for me or not. We have done that. Studies show the major bills we have passed actually delivered more to red states than blue, because the job of the president is deliver to all of America. Because of you, and I'm not exaggerating, because of you, we've had one of the most extraordinary four years of progress ever, period. When I say "we", I mean, Kamala and me. Just think about it, COVID no longer controls our lives. We've gone from economic crisis to the strongest economy in the entire world. Record 16 million new jobs, record small business growth, record high stock market, record high 401ks, wages up, inflation down, way down, and continuing to go down. The smallest racial wealth gap in 20 years, and yes, we both know we have more to do but we're moving in the right direction. More Americans have peace of mind that comes from having health insurance. More Americans have health insurance today than ever before in American history. And after, as a young senator beginning to fight, beginning to fight for 50 years to give Medicare the power to negotiate lower prescription drug prices, we finally beat Big Pharma. And guess who cast the tiebreaking vote? Vice President, soon-to-be-president, Kamala Harris. And now, it's the law of the land. Instead of paying $400 a month for insulin, seniors with diabetes will pay $35 a month. The law we passed already includes, starting in January, every senior's total prescription cost can be capped at $2,000 no matter how expensive the drugs they have. And what we don't focus on and our Republican friends don't seem to understand, our reforms don't just save seniors money, they save the American taxpayers money. You know what we just passed saved? It saved $160 billion over the next decade. That's not hyperbole. It's because Medicare no longer has to pay those exorbitant prices to the Big Pharma. But look --  Thank you, Kamala, too. (CROWD chanting thank you, Joe!) Look, folks, how can we have the strongest economy in the world without the best infrastructure in the world? Donald Trump promised infrastructure week, every week, for four years, and he never built a damn thing. But now, because of Kamala and I've done, remember we're told we couldn't get it done, remember when we came into office, we couldn't get anything pass. But right now, we're giving America an "infrastructure decade" not week. We're modernizing our roads, our bridges, our ports, our airports, our trains, our buses. Removing every lead pipe from schools and homes, so every child can drink clean water. Providing affordable high-speed Internet for every American no matter where they live unlike -- not unlike what Roosevelt did with electricity. And so much more. We are uniting the country. We're growing our economy. We're improving our quality of life, and we're building a better America. Because that's who we are. How can we be the strongest nation in the world without leading the world in science and technology? After years of importing 90 percent of our semiconductor chips from abroad, which America invented those chips. Our CHIPS and Science Act meant that private companies from around the world are investing literally tens of billions of dollars to build new chip factories right here in America. And over that period, they'll create tens of thousands of jobs. And many of those jobs and so-called fabs, the buildings that make the chips, are being constructed now. And guess what, the average salary in those fabs, the size of a football field, will be over $100,000 a year. And you don't need a college degree. Because of you and so many electeds (sp?) out there, American manufacturing is back, where the hell does it say we wouldn't lead the world in manufacturing? Eight hundred thousand new manufacturing jobs. Our Republican friends and others made sure they go abroad to get the cheapest labor. We used to import products and export jobs. Now we export American products and create American jobs right here in America. Where jobs belong. With every new job, with every new factory, pride and hope is being brought back to communities throughout the country that were left behind. You know, you're from them, many of you. You know what it's like when that factory closed, where your mother, your father, your grandmother or grandfather worked. And now you're back providing, once again, proving that Wall Street didn't build America, the middle class built America, and unions, unions built the middle class. It has been my view since I came to the Senate, that's why I'm proud to have been the first president to walk a picket line -- -- and be labeled the most pro-union president in history. And I accept it. That's a fact. Because when unions do well, we all do well.  You got it, man. You got it.  I agree. I'm proud. Look, remember we were told we couldn't get anything done because we couldn't get anything done in the Congress? Well, with your support, we passed the most significant climate law in the history of mankind. There are $370 billion. Cutting carbon emissions in half by 2030. Launching a climate corps, similar to AmeriCorps and Peace Corps, creating tens of thousands of jobs for young people in the future, but we're going to make sure this continues. Creating hundreds of thousands of jobs in clean energy for American workers, including the IBEW installing 500,000, 500,000 charging stations all across America. And in the process, reducing carbon emissions. And we are seeing it. We're seeing to it that the first beneficiaries of environmental initiatives are those fence-line communities that have been smothered by the legacy of pollution, Louisiana and Delaware, Route 9, all the factories, all those chemical factories are right next to the poorest neighborhoods. They are the ones we are going to bring back. And how, how can we be the greatest nation in the world without the best education system in the world? Donald Trump and the Republican friends, they not only can't think; they can't read very well. Seriously, think about it. Look at their Project 2025. They want to do away with the Department of Education. Well, during the pandemic, Kamala and I helped states and cities get back their schools back open. And we gave public school teachers a raise. We created apprenticeships with businesses and communities, putting students on a path to a good-paying job, whether or not they go to college. And, by the way, we're making college a hell of a lot more affordable -- -- increasing Pell Grants by $900, over $15 billion to HBCUs -- -- minority services, including Hispanic institutions and tribal colleges. We kept our commitment to provide more student relief than ever by lifting the burden of helping millions of families, so they can get married, start a family, buy a home, and begin to build family wealth and contribute to the community and grow our economy. It's not costing us. It's creating more wealth. We fundamentally transformed how our -- transformed how our economy grows, from the middle out and the bottom up, instead of the top down. My dad used to say there wasn't a whole hell of a lot to drop down on my kitchen table at the end of the month. I come from a basic middle-class family, three-bedroom house, four kids, a grandpop living with us, decent neighborhood, but never a penny to spare. And, look, that top-down notion never worked. A lot of Democrats didn't think it was -- thought it worked, but it doesn't. And when we did all that, what we have done, everybody can do well, everybody. Donald Trump calls America a failing nation. No, I'm serious. Well, think about this. Think about this. He publicly says to the whole world, I'm going to say something outrageous. I know more foreign leaders by their first names and know them well than anybody alive. Just because I'm so damn old. But I'm not joking. Think of the message he sends around the world when he talks about America being a failing nation. He says we're losing. He's the loser. He's dead wrong. Many of you are very successful people who travel the world. Name me a country in the world that doesn't think we're the leading nation in the world. Without America, not a joke. Think about it. I'm being literal. Who can lead the world other than the United States of America? But guess what? America is winning, and the world is better off for it. America is more prosperous and America is safer today than under Donald Trump. Trump continues to lie about crime in America, like everything else. Guess what? On his watch, the murder rate went up 30 percent, the biggest increase in history. Meanwhile, we made the largest investment, Kamala and I, in public safety ever. Now the murder rate is falling faster than any time in history. Violent crime has dropped to the lowest level of more than 50 years. And crime will keep coming down when we put a prosecutor in the Oval Office, instead of a convicted felon. And, folks, the distinguished senator from the -- senator from California and I passed the first ban on assault weapons. And guess what? It worked. If we care about public safety, we need to prevent gun violence. And what makes me ashamed when I travel the world, which I do. More children in America are killed by a gunshot than any other cause in the United States, more die from a bullet than cancer, accidents or anything else in the United States of America. My God. That's why Kamala and I are proud, we beat the NRA when we passed the first major bipartisan gun safety law in 30 years. I'm serious. That comes from here. And now, it's time to ban assault weapons again. And demand universal background checks. It's hard. I never thought I'd stand before a crowd of Democrats and refer to a president as a liar so many times. No, I'm not trying to be funny. It's sad. Trump continues to lie about the border. Here's what he won't tell you. Trump killed the strongest bipartisan border deal in the history of the United States that we negotiated with the Senate Republicans and took four month -- four weeks. Once it passed and they acknowledged the most expansive border of change in American history, he called senators to say, don't support the bipartisan bill because he said it would help me politically and hurt him politically. My God. No, I'm serious, think about it. Not a joke. Ask even the press who doesn't like me, they'll tell you that's true. Typically, Trump once again putting himself first and America last. Then I had to take executive action. The result of the executive action I took, border encounters have dropped over 50 percent. In fact, there are fewer border crossings today than when Donald Trump left office. And unlike Trump, we will not demonize immigrants, saying they're the poison of blood of America, poisoning the blood of our country? Kamala and I are committed to strengthening legal immigration, including protecting Dreamers and more. And here's what else I believe in. Protecting your freedom. Your freedom to vote, your freedom to love who you love, and your freedom to choose. In its decision overturning Roe v. Wade as you heard earlier tonight, the United States Supreme Court majority wrote the following, quote, "women are now without electrical -- not -- not allowed, not without electoral -- electoral or political power". No kidding. MAGA Republicans found out the power of women in 2022. And Donald Trump is going to find out the power of women in 2024. Watch. And where Trump and his MAGA Republican right-wingers seek to erase history, we Democrats continue to write history and make more history. I'm proud to have kept my commitment to appoint the first Black woman in the United States Supreme Court. Ketanji Brown Jackson, the symbol for every young woman in America that you can do anything.