Josh Shapiro ():

Well before we even get to the speech tonight, what she needs to do is what she did right before she came to this convention on Monday. She was in Pennsylvania but importantly she was not in Philly or Pittsburgh. I love Philly and Pittsburgh and they are important. She went to rural Beaver County in the Southwestern corner of the state and she went there to talk about the economy. She went there to talk about cutting costs. Things that are on people's minds. The message that she had shared in Beaver County is one that is she chooses so would be appropriate here on the stage tonight. That is correct. Look, it is not new to see Donald Trump engaging in these antisemitic tropes, these efforts to divide us, to kind of single someone out and remove them from others. This notion of this dual loyalty that Jews only care about Israel, if they do, they have to believe a certain thing. I think it's an affront to Jews everywhere. Forget my feelings, I don't care. He can say whatever the hell he wants about me, but I know how it makes people feel and I think it's important to state that American Jews care about a lot of things. Maybe some care about Israel. A whole lot of them like me care about healthcare and education, public safety and economic opportunity. And as I talked about here on the stage last night, protecting our fundamental freedoms. I talked about how Donald Trump would inject chaos and division into this country exactly like what you did with that ridiculous tweet last night. I think there is something deeper here than just the antisemitism that he spews, the bigotry he spews. What a presidential race is really all about, it's about leadership. Who do we want to lead us? Who's going to be compassionate, who's going to look at all of us no matter what we look like, where do we come from, who we love for, who we pray to and say you belong here. Donald Trump doesn't think I belong. Donald Trump doesn't think certain other people who maybe don't think like him or look like him or worship like him. That's dangerous and that's failed leadership. We need to uplift this country and he wants to drag us down. Well, look, in 2016 he won Pennsylvania by 44,000 votes. Since that time, Dana, he lost in 2020. And every one of his political offspring, including Doug Mastriano, who he supported and I ran against and whooped in the last election, every single time he's endorsed one of his offspring, they've lost, Dr. Oz, Doug Mastriano, even people on school board. And he lost in 2020. And I don't think he's improved his standing. And more divisive rhetoric is only going to make it tougher for him.