KENAN THOMPSON (COMEDIAN AND ACTOR):

Because in this country, we settle our differences at the ballot box, not through violence. It took a long time to get here and we are not going back. Because I remember that dark history, it is my own history. In this life, my father never cast a vote because of Jim Crow. So, I dedicated my career to protecting the votes against violence and discrimination. You can imagine what I felt on January 6th, when I saw with my own eyes those insurrectionists trying to take that away. They did it to rob millions of Americans of their votes. They did it because Donald Trump couldn't help losing. He lied about the election fraud. He called his conspiracy-led mob to Washington. He would rather subvert democracy than submit to it. Now, he is plotting again. His campaign proclaims that elections won't end until the moment of inauguration. We will win or it was rigged. We win or else -- this is Donald Trump's America. Elections are about choice. Choose democracy not political violence. Choose the America we always taught our children to love. Choose Kamala Harris. (CROWD CHEERING) All right. All right. All right. What's up DNC? (CROWD CHEERING) All right, do you all remember this big old book from before? When Colorado Governor Jared Polis ripped a page out of it? This is 'Project 2025', the Republican blueprint for a second Trump term. It is a -- yeah, yeah, boo. It is a real document that you can read for yourself at kamalaharris.com/project2025. Have you ever seen a document that could kill a small animal and democracy at the same time? (CROWD CHEERING) Here it is. Do you know how when you download an app and there are hundreds of pages there that you don't read, it is just the terms and conditions, and you just click 'Agree', right? Well, these are the terms and conditions of a second Trump presidency. You vote for him, you vote for all of this. Let's take a look. All right, we got Matt here with us tonight. It's Matt here. Hey, there he is. Matt, how are you, sir? All right, Matt. Now Matt, I understand that you work as an AV tech in Nevada and you make a decent hourly wage, is that right? Oh, I don't know if we can hear Matt. Can we hear Matt? So, who is going to fix it? Keep speaking, Matt, so we can hear you. OK, that's good. I guess, we are going to move on from Matt. And this is Becky. Becky, can we hear you? Yeah. Thank you. All right, good. Now Becky, you are married, correct? Oh.