Kimberly Guilfoyle ():

And most importantly, he will always put America first. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) After four years of Joe Biden's disastrous America Last agenda, our country is more dangerous, vulnerable, and impoverished, than anyone had thought possible. President Trump handed Biden a booming economy and a strong nation. All Joe had to do was leave it alone and take a nap. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) But Joe just couldn't help himself. Joe Biden cannot lead America. He cannot even lead himself off a stage. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Now Americans are drowning in inflation. Insanity spreads like a cancer in our schools. We are closer to World War III than any time in my life. And we are facing an unprecedented invasion of millions of illegal aliens across our southern border. Rioters and looters go free. While Biden and the Democrats persecute American heroes like Donald Trump. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Tens of millions of Americans are made to feel like enemies, in our own country, an enemy for wanting to defend our border, for not wanting our children indoctrinated in school, for not wanting to erase our history, for praying to our God, saying what we think, and fighting for what we believe. It is no wonder that the heroes, who stormed the beaches of Normandy, and faced down communism sadly say they don't recognize our country anymore. This is not an accident. The powerful elites, in the swamp, will say anything to crush and destroy the America First movement. But we will never give up. And neither will Donald J. Trump. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) I know I speak for patriots everywhere, when I say we are fed up. We are outraged about sex trafficking, and drug trafficking, across our southern border. We are fed up with the forever wars. We are done being told by the radical left to sit down, shut up and obey. The Democrat vision for America is governed by fear, hatred and political oppression. Our vision is defined by our love of our country, love for our fellow citizens, and our love of freedom. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) In our vision, we will secure the southern border and deport the violent criminal aliens once and for all. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) In our vision, America will combat foreign aggressors and ensure our servicemembers are protected, not abandoned, as they carry out their dangerous missions abroad. Because we know we can only have peace through strength. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) We will restore an era of national pride, where freedom of speech is respected, and cancel culture is ended. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Where high school girls only compete with other girls, not biological men. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Where struggling cities never put criminal illegal aliens above our heroic veterans and brave law enforcement. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Where our streets are not ruled by gangs and rioters, but governed by law and order, where students are freed from failings schools, and corrupt teachers' unions, through Universal School Choice. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Where our most sacred institutions are not weaponized against political opponents, but are fair, equal and just. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) And where we teach our children to love our country, learn our history, and respect our American flag. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) I believe in America. I believe in our freedom and liberty. And I believe in Donald John Trump. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) And I want Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and all of the radical Democrats, to know this. We will not be bullied into obedience. We will not cower in silence. We will fight for America because we love America. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) (AUDIENCE CHANTS "USA") I stand before you, as a working mother, a former prosecutor, a Catholic and a proud Latina. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) I know personally what every American has now seen with their own eyes. I know the measure of the man that stands before us. Donald Trump will never stop fighting for you. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) So, join me in voting for Donald J. Trump for president again. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Victory is in our sights. America's future is in our hands. America's destiny is in our control. And America's prosperity is in our hearts and souls. America, this is your moment. Will you stand up for President Trump? (CHEERS & APPLAUSE) Rise up. Rise up. Ladies and gentlemen, lovers of liberty and freedom and the American Dream, this is our last chance to make America great again. God bless you. God bless President Trump. And may God bless America. (CHEERS & APPLAUSE)