LARA TRUMP (REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CO-CHAIR):

Well, I think this is an opportunity, for America, really need to get to know Senator J.D. Vance. He's obviously a young senator. He's a young man. He's 39- years-old. And I think this is his opportunity, to introduce himself, to the American people. I'm sure you'll hear part of his life story. Some people may have read his book, Hillbilly Elegy, and know that he really is the American Dream. He started out from very humble beginnings. He has dealt with a lot of issues that Americans have, substance abuse in his family, poverty in his family. And he is now a United States Senator. So, I think he's probably going to talk a lot about his story, and it'll be an introduction for America to him. Well, I think Donald Trump's been very clear on his stance on that. And obviously, he is the one running for president. He has said he will not pass a national abortion ban, or will not sign one into law. And I think the most appropriate thing, as Donald Trump himself has said, has happened. It's gone back to the states to decide. And obviously, it's an issue that a lot of people care about. But as far as Donald Trump is concerned, it has been settled by the Supreme Court, to go back to the states, and it's up to each state to decide. As far as you can feel in this room right now, it certainly feels that way. And I can tell you that we're doing everything in our power, from the RNC, to ensure indeed a free, fair and transparent election. Look, you can't have half of the electorate feeling like their vote doesn't count and their vote doesn't matter. And unfortunately, and coming out of 2020, there are millions of people who feel that way. And our job at the RNC is that we want you, no matter if you're voting Republican, Democrat or third-party candidate, to feel confident in your vote, when you cast a ballot, this, obviously this election season, but all the way up to November 5th. And so, that's what we're really -- working really hard to do. He's actually come out, and he's put on Truth Social that anyway, whether it's voting on Election Day, early voting, or mailing in your vote, is a great way to vote in this election. So, he actually has changed his stance on that. And I think we did learn some lessons from 2020. And one of them is that we, as a party, should be embracing things like mail-in voting and early voting. If everyone waits, to go vote on Election Day, look, life happens, right? I have kids. They get sick. You have a job. There's bad weather. Things happen in life. So, our message from the Republican Party is, we want you to go vote. We want you to go vote early. And then, we want you to take people to go vote. Everybody you know, encourage them to get out, and vote, and be part of the process. Thank you so much.