MADELINE BRAME (CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM ADVOCATE):

Good evening, everyone. My son, Sergeant Hassan Korea, an Afghanistan war retired veteran, he received enemy fire from the Taliban only to be murdered with a knife on the streets of New York City. The four assailants responsible for his death initially were facing justice, but that changed when District Attorney Alvin Bragg was elected. Suddenly, two of the homicidal maniacs responsible for my son's death had their gang assault and murder charges completely dismissed. One of them received 14 months time served. Alvin Bragg charged her with assault with a shoe (ph). And another one was sentenced to seven years. I later learned that Alvin Bragg often dismisses and reduces dangerous criminals. He wants to clear the jails and return violent felons on to our streets every day. The injustice was devastating for me and my family. I don't want anyone else to experience the senseless pain that many other victims across this United States of America have to live with every day. So I decided to use the voice that God gave me to be the voice for the voiceless across America. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) We need justice for victims and we need accountability for prosecutors who failed in their duty. Soft on crime prosecutors like Alvin Bragg in New York, Kim Foxx in Chicago, and George Gascon in Los Angeles have turned our great country and cities into war zones. Poor and neglected communities like mine are suffering. And who else in here is sick and tired of being sick and tired? (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) The Democratic Party that poor minorities have been loyal to for decades, including myself, all right, they betrayed us. They stabbed us in the back. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, who claim to represent us, have abandoned us. They neglected the poor minority communities across America. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) But my eyes have been opened, just like so many other poor minorities across America. Donald Trump shares our values, love of God and family and country. He's been a victim of the same corrupt system that I have been and my family has been. He is committed to providing economic opportunities, helping those suffering from addiction with long-term inpatient drug programs, rolling back deadly bail reform policies that are getting our children killed every single day and supporting our police. We back the NYPD. We back the blue. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) Back the blue, NYPD, back the blue. Trump was right when he said, they're after us. He's just standing in the way. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) And guess what? He always will. That's why I'm standing with him today. Let's make America safe again. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) And re-elect our Donald J. Trump. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) Thank you and good night.