Marco Rubio ():

And you're actually here live. I just want to point that out. Yes. Well, look, I don't want to speak for the president. Obviously, anybody -- he said to me what I think he said publicly, and that is I'm not supposed to be here. It's a pretty shocking moment. I think, at least in my view of it, it sort of reminds us that at the end this is not -- we're not in the entertainment business, right? With politics, this thing we do is really about people and about the lives of people and the future of our country, and it is my sense and we'll see how it plays out tonight and I certainly don't have any insights of what the speech is about. But it's my sense that the president views this as an opportunity to define what his movement is about. That at the end of the day, besides all the noise, people that don't like him people that obviously do like him, but he ran for president because he felt that there were millions of Americans whose government was not responsive to what they were saying. They were angry about being left behind by globalization. They were upset that the country seemed to care more about what was happening in other countries and what was happening here. And he gave voice to that. And I think, you will have a chance -- I hope tonight to hear that articulated in the voice of a person who realizes he's probably on the verge of becoming the president of the United States again and it's an enormous responsibility and he knows that because he's been there before. Well, and obviously, the intelligence agencies operate in international realm, not domestic. There's no evidence of any sort that I've seen or heard, public or otherwise, that this had any sort of foreign linkage. The threats from Iran against President Trump and other US officials that they blame for the Soleimani strike, that's been going on for a while and people know about it. It's a very serious one, it's a very significant threat. I believe the Iranians, I think it was about a couple of years ago, actually put out a video of them assassinating Trump on a golf course, but I don't think that's related to this. My perception of this from the calls we've had with the FBI and otherwise, is that clearly there was a massive error committed, irrespective of -- the Secret Service is in charge of the protection in that region, okay. They may outsource some piece of it, but ultimately, they are responsible for it. There is no way that some 20-year-old guy should be able to walk around, crawl on a roof, and get off, how many, three or four shots. That literally came within a millimeter of a live execution of the leading candidate for president at this moment. It should never have happened. My question is, is this part of a systemic internal organizational problem or was this an example of somebody made a big, big mistake in advancing the event? But I will say this, the Secret Service has handled this about as bad as you can handle it. They should be doing press conferences every day. The absence of consistent and clear information is what opens the door for conspiracy theories and all kinds of other things to take off. It's already hard enough to fight against those things. I don't know why they haven't been more forthcoming with all the information they have and they should be doing it on a regular basis now. Yes, look, like anything in politics, there are people that are -- they are never going to be with you no matter what you do, and that's fine. That's absolutely appropriate. That's part of the political process. I think in the case of the president, in some cases, he's been caricatured to a level, demonized by some -- to a level has really been unfair. But at the core of his message, if you distill down his message, his message is this, Americans want better jobs that pay enough to afford life. They want lower prices. They want the border to be secure. They want the people who come here to this country to come here legally, and they want to be involved in less wars around the world and to really be more judicious about how US foreign policy is deployed. None of these are radical ideas, these are majority positions in the country and I think reminding people at the end of the day, that's at the core of all of this. It is a key opportunity that I think he has tonight for people that are going to be listening, that are going to be willing to give them a second look. It's not the sympathy because of a near-assassination. It's a reminder that this guy doesn't have to be in politics, he really doesn't, okay. He was already a celebrity. He was very wealthy. He could have lived a very good life. He didn't have to get into politics. He's paid a huge price or politics. His family certainly has and when you look at a guy that in the midst of all of that stands up and doesn't run off the stage before he does, he has the instincts or the ability to stand up and because he feels like the people that are in the crowd are here to see him and he wants them to know he's okay and he wants them to keep fighting. I think that was a reminder to a lot of people, that this is a man that's in politics because he loves the country, whether you agree with him or not. Well, first of all, we haven't even finished this convention. But look, JD was going to be that whether he got picked or not. He's incredibly intelligent. I've been working with JD since 2018 on public policy before he was elected to anything. So, even four years before he ran, I was already interacting with him. And because I'm very impressed, he is very curious guy. I mean, he really loves to learn about it, probes and asked a lot of questions. He has that in common with Trump, by the way. If you ever sit down with Trump just off, he will ask you nine questions before he gives you one statement. He's very probing. He likes to talk to people and makes decisions on the basis of this ongoing dialogue that he has with people. And JD has that similar quality. He likes to learn a lot about things. Obviously, very smart, comes from a very unique background. It's amazing the road he's traveled to get to this point. I'm a huge fan of his and always will really work very well together very closely in the Senate. And, I think he's a very good choice for him. I really do. They have a lot of chemistry between them as well. So, I think he's going to be a really good vice president as well for the president. I mean, you guys should not make -- just think back where we are today six weeks ago, it's such a different race. Think of what has happened the last six years or 10 years. So, to predict anything beyond that at this point is folly, other than to say that JD was going to be in the mix no matter what because of how talented he is. Thank you. You know, I hate these things. I feel like I work at McDonald's, you know but --