Nancy Pelosi ():

Well, two things. First of all, Hillary Clinton, as you probably know, was one of the best qualified people to run for president, while she didn't win the election, she certainly won the campaign and laid the trailblazer for other women to come after. Also, Kamala Harris has been the vice president of the United States. So, I think by dint of the path that Hillary put forth and the experience that Kamala has, that she's a little bit further down the road. I have no doubt that she will be president of the United States. I always thought that we would have a woman president long before we'd ever have a woman speaker of the House because -- -- Congress is a very, shall we say, male-oriented body. So I always thought -- But, but, I think that what is -- one other thing that is happening in this election is misogyny is so evident. The things that the Republican candidates are saying about women, I think is evoking a response. And one thing that I keep telling people to know, of course, when we put forth Roe v. Wade enshrinement into the law in the House of Representatives, we didn't get one Republican vote. But think of this, when we put forth women shall have a right to contraception. Eight Republicans voted yes, 195 voted no. 195 Republicans voted no. So women, take that disrespect personally because it's personal. And I think that some of what they are saying about -- I mean, they say the Democratic Party has been ruled by childless cat women. Oh I have five children, six years and seven days. I don't consider, although we have a family cat, I don't consider myself in that category. But people -- women are taking offense at that because of the extreme to which they are going. Yes. Yes, indeed. Well, I think that she goes forward. As I say in San Francisco, we are very proud of our values. Song of St. Francis is our anthem of our city. When I was hungry, you fed me. Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. So those are our values. But you don't govern from where you are personally. You govern from the center in our country. And what she's putting out there is an economic package that let's stop and draws in the middle class, not a trickle down $2 trillion tax cut for the richest people in America to maybe trickle down. Or if it doesn't, as the Republicans say, so be it. But I think that she is prepared in so many ways. And I'll talk about it on Wednesday to unify our country. Not to say, well, you said this and I said that. No, to unify our country. It's about the children, their health, their education, the economic security of their families, a safe environment in which they can thrive, including from gun violence, a world at peace in which they can reach their fulfillment in our countries as well. And so it's about our unity as a country, honoring the values of our founders, the sacrifice of our men and women in uniform. This unifies us and the aspirations of our children. Yes. Yes. Sometimes you just have to take a punch for the children. I don't know. I mean -- I didn't even hear this. I'm just hearing. Maybe he's throwing the punch. I don't know. Well, you know -- I have to do what I have to do. He made the decision for the country. My concern was not about the president. It was about his campaign. As you -- as he has seen, the exuberance, excitement that has come forth in our country. I just did an event for one of our members in Illinois, Eric Sorensen, today. Immediately, he got 1,100 volunteers into his campaign as soon as that announcement was made. So why are we even talking about it?