NEWSOM ():

From the great state of Nancy Pelosi. I come from a state, like our nation of dreamers, of doers, of entrepreneurs, of innovators, that prides itself on being on the leading and cutting edge of new ideas. California is the most diverse state in the world's most diverse democracy. And we pride ourselves. We pride ourselves on our ability to live together, and advance together, and prosper together, across every conceivable and imaginable difference. But the thing we pride ourselves most on is that we believe the future happens in California first. And Democrats, I've had the privilege, for over 20 years, to see that future taking shape, with a star in Alameda courtroom, by the name of Kamala Harris. I saw that star. I saw that star fighting for criminal justice, racial justice, economic justice, social justice. I saw that star get even brighter, as Attorney General of California, as a United States Senator, and as Vice President of the United States of America. Kamala Harris has always done the right thing, a champion for voting rights, civil rights, LGBTQ rights, the rights for women and girls. So Democrats and Independents, it's time for us to do the right thing. And that is to elect Kamala Harris, as the next President of the United States of America. California, we proudly cast our 482 votes for the next President, Kamala Harris. Yes. Look, it's remarkable. You kind of pinch yourself. When we're just two people, with mutual friends, having dinner, none of us even imagined we'd be in politics. The idea that I'd be here, today, announcing those 482 votes, and she's our nominee for the party. It's a surreal and just obvious point of pride, what a point of privilege, and what an opportunity to showcase someone, who's next level talent that's out of now of the shadow of being Vice President, has a chance to shine in. I don't know that she's even had a chance to process. I don't think any of us -- few of us, have had a chance to process the last three-and-a-half weeks, let alone the last three-and-a-half years, to be candid with you. I mean COVID, and all the stress, the polarization that we're all experiencing. So, look, this is a sprint. She recognizes what's at stake, and she recognizes you got to stay on the offense. Got to stay on the offense, every single day, in every single way. No one, no one is denying what's on the other side. But look, no one is also denying the choice. This is daylight and darkness, and the contrast couldn't be more acute. And it's a beautiful thing to watch. I mean this. It's a beautiful thing to watch. Donald Trump spinning. He doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know how to do it. But he'll ultimately land somewhere. And that's why we also have to be humble, as it relates to what's in front of us, in the next few months. Yes. I think there're a lot of theories. I have my own humble one. I don't think he ever imagined this would happen. I don't think he imagined it would happen so quickly. I don't think he imagined we would consolidate, as a party, so quickly. And I don't think he also imagined the one intangible. There's a sense of spirit and pride. There's the intangible, the thing that sort of defies the policy positions of the delegate count. There's a sense of energy that's beyond just these four walls. You see it out there, you feel it out there. And that energy is impacting Donald Trump, and it's impacting the people around him that are now openly expressing concern, that are openly offering advice to a president, who's not easily -- well, not easy to take advice. So, I just think it's an interesting moment. But it's a moment. And the question is, is it a movement beyond this convention? And that's why, I think, as Democrats, we can't take anything for granted.