PETE BUTTIGIEG (UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION):

It was extraordinary. First of all, a clear and compelling account of who she is, why she cares so much about serving others, protecting others, and keeping this country safe. She also prosecuted the case against Donald Trump very effectively, reminded Americans of the two very different futures in front of us under her leadership versus going back to what he represented. And also, a call to people who maybe don't agree with us all the time, maybe don't usually vote Democrat, but are absolutely welcome in the coalition that she is building in the name of a better future. Well, that's why it was so important that she spoke with clarity, not just about who she is, but about the difference between her plans and Trump's plans. Trump's plans to eliminate the Department of Education, to eliminate head start, plans that would cut social security and Medicare and leave families worse off versus her intention to create opportunity for the future. You know, Americans already agree strongly with her on every major issue. They agree with her on protecting the right to choose. They're angry at Donald Trump's decision to eliminate the right to choose. They agree with her that is the wealthy who are not paying their fair share and the middle class who need to break. They disagree with Donald Trump's tax cuts for the rich. So, whether we're talking about the policy side or just I think the clearest ever picture Americans have seen of what she is about, and most importantly, who she is about, not herself but the American people, I think that's a message that independence, reasonable Republicans what I like to call future former Republicans, people who live in Michigan and all around the country can relate to. Yeah. I think she wants to lead the way to where that is table stakes, where any Republican and any Democrat would begin and saying, of course, we support a peaceful transfer of power, of course we believe in elections where a winner wins and a loser admits that they lost while Donald Trump was incapable of doing. That should not be a partisan issue. Democracy should not be a partisan issue. And one of the many things I'm looking forward to when she wins, and I think a lot of Republicans are quietly looking forward to, is when Trump is defeated for the third time, defeated in 2020, his party really coming up short in 2022, but defeated for a third time, that means it will be the beginning of the end of Trumpism and the beginning of having a normal Republican Party in the future, which even though I might not vote Republican, is something I passionately believe we need. Two normal political parties. I believe -- actually, I know for a fact that there are many Republican elected officials who know deep down that it is wrong to support Donald Trump, but they're doing it anyway because they think it is the path to power. If he leads the Republican Party to defeat yet again, that equation changes. I don't think it's too naive to hope that they will come to their senses if only because the power calculus changed on them, pick themselves up, and think about a different and better approach to politics.