RAE ():

The District of Columbia, how do you cast your votes? MAYOR MURIEL BOWSER (D) Florida, how do you cast your votes? Georgia, how do you cast your votes? Aloha, Hawaii. How do you cast your vote? MAYOR MITCH ROTH (D-HI): America, thank you all for loving Hawaii, the spirit of aloha, means acting with love and kindness. Our Hawaii was the first state to legalize abortion. Our state was the first to ratify the ERA. Our state was the first to pass universal health care for all and target 100 percent renewable energy. Our state is the birthplace of Barack Obama. Our state shares the values of Kamala Harris and we cast six votes present and 23 votes for Kamala Harris, first woman president. Idaho, how do you cast your votes? The Commonwealth of Kentucky, how do you cast your vote? GOV. ANDY BESHEAR, (D-KY): Since 2021, the Biden-Harris administration has shown up for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and today, we're showing up for Vice President Harris. With this administration, we've broken every record for private sector investment, exports, tourism, wages and new jobs. Together, we are building the two largest battery plants on Planet Earth and we opened the cleanest, greenest, recycled paper mill the world has ever seen. We are proud to cast 56 votes for the next president of the United States, Kamala Harris. Louisiana, how do you cast your votes? Next up is Maine. Maine, how do you cast your votes? GOV. JANET MILLS (D-ME): Mr. Chair, the great state of Maine home of the environmentally kind of activists and champions, like Edmund Osmanski and George Mitchell, happy birthday today, George. The state where the sun rises first on the nation, over our bold and rocky coast, bringing with it today a new day with a brave and open heart of people of this country, we have improved life, restored life, and preserved our environment in Maine for future generations. Maine lives and as Maine goes so will go the nation. Maryland, how do you cast your votes? GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): We are Maryland and we represent Maryland's past and present who've contributed to America's greatness. We are the birth place of Harriet Tubman. We are the birthplace of Thurgood Marshall. We are the birth place of rhetoric Douglass. We are the place where soldiers defended our freedoms in Baltimore and also in Antietam and the home of thousands of veterans who call Maryland home. And this community of patriots is proud to cast our votes for the next president of the United States, Kamala Harris. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, how do you cast your votes? STEVE KERRIGAN, Michigan, how do you cast your votes? LAVORA BARNES, Minnesota, how do you cast your votes? JANE KLEEB, Nevada, how do you cast your votes? New Hampshire, how do you cast your votes?