Ruben Gallego ():

My mom raised us alone on a secretary's salary. I slept on the floor. I worked every job I could. Meatpacking, construction, making pizzas. I made it to Harvard with no money or connections. Other kids were happy because they were at Harvard. I was happy because I finally had a mattress. Then, I enlisted, fought alongside my brothers with Lima 325 in Iraq. They called us Lucky Lima, but our luck ran out. We saw some of the heaviest combat of the war, and when we got home, the government failed to help us readjust. We have a duty to care for our patriots who served our nation. For the Vietnam veteran and Buckeye who relies on the VA for his medication, for the Afghan veteran in Pittsburgh who finally got treatment for his PTSD, for the Marine in Milwaukee who relies on the benefits she earned, for my Navajo brothers and sisters who served in the Marines with me, I remember you too. Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are fighting for them. Kamala Harris has delivered more benefits to more veterans than ever before, and has achieved the lowest veterans unemployment rate in history. Vice President Harris has stood up for us and our families always. Tim Walz served for 24 years. His passion for veterans earned him respect on both sides of the aisle, and he stands with us too. In fact, let me introduce you to some of the many Democrats who understand what service means, because we put country over politics. We were proud to wear the uniform -- -- and we're proud serving our countries in city halls, state capitals, the U.S. House and the Senate. These veterans represent the best of our country. We stand united as veterans, Democrats, and patriots to fight for everyone who serves. But politicians like Donald Trump, they don't stand with us. They call patriots like Senator McCain losers. John McCain was an American hero. Show some respect. Trump's Project 2025 will slash veteran benefits and force VA hospitals to close across the nation. Show some respect. So, for the 18-year-old who decides to enlist, for the families like mine who prayed every night that their loved one would come home, for our troops stationed thousands of miles away, for my Marines of Lima Company, let's elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walz -- -- who don't just respect our service, but revere it -- -- because the veterans who defended this country aren't just the reason we can sleep at night. They're the reason we can dream. And together, together, we'll fight for our veterans and everyone who served our country. Thank you. (CROWD chanting USA!) (MUSIC PLAYING) Voice of