STEVIE WONDER (AMERICAN SINGER-SONGWRITER AND MUSICIAN):

I love you. I just want to say, I love you. I love you. (CROWD CHEERING) Every song that I have sang, every song I have written is because of my love for you right here. But, this year -- this year, I have prayed very hard for peace to come to our world's nations, but also to each one of our hearts. Even though our hearts have been beaten and broken, beyond prayer, I know the importance of actions and now is the time to understand where we are and what it will take to win. Win the broken hearts. Win the disenchanted. Win the angry spirits. Now is the time. (CROWD CHEERING) This is the moment to remember when you tell your children where you were and what you did. As we stand between history's pain and tomorrow's promises, we must choose courage over complacency. (CROWD CHEERING) It is time to get up and go broke. (CROWD CHEERING) Listen, the choice is clear -- clearer than anyone else is saying. Do you hear me? Clear than anyone else is saying. Do you feel me? We need to choose joy over anger, kindness over recrimination, and peace over war every time. We must choose to be above the ugly words, the hateful anger, and the division those words and anger create. We must keep on keeping on until we truly are a united people of this United States. And then -- and then, we will reach our higher ground. (CROWD CHEERING) Are you all ready? Are you all ready to reach your higher ground? Are you ready to reach a higher, higher, higher ground? Tell me. I want to hear you again. Are you ready? Are we ready because you know we need Kamala Harris. Yes we do. And we need a great man as we do have as our future vice president. You know that. So, you know what? I am depending on you to do as I believe we (ph) would say, the right thing. (CROWD CHEERING) Are you all already? Are you ready? Mousy (ph), are you ready? Kansas (ph), are you ready? Clap your hands everybody. Clap your hands like this. Everybody, clap your hands. Clap, clap, clap. Now, somebody scream. Here we go. (STEVIE WONDER PERFORMANCE) (CROWD CHEERING)