THOMPSON ():

Yes. Thank you. All right, good. BECKY (ph): There you go. Now, Becky (ph). You're married, correct? BECKY (ph): I am. Me and my wife have been together for about eight years. Oh. That's amazing. Very, very cute. BECKY (ph): Thanks. But I have got some bad news for you. BECKY (ph): I hate that. On page 584, Project 2025, calls for the elimination of protections for LGBTQ+ Americans. So, yes, right back to the Stone Age. BECKY (ph): That's terrible. That-- I'm afraid so. BECKY (ph): Right back to the Stone Age. That's terrible. Yes, it is. Thank you, Becky (ph), for being here, and making that wonderful point. All right, next up, we have Nirvana (ph). Nirvana (ph), are you with us? And your people are with us as well? All right, good. Now, Nirvana (ph), I understand that-- NIRVANA (ph): Yes. --you are on insulin to manage your diabetes. Yes? NIRVANA (ph): Yes, and thanks to President Biden, and Vice President Harris, I only pay $35 a month for my insulin. That is great. That is great. But on page 465, Project 2025, calls for millions of people, like yourself, to pay more for prescription drugs like insulin. NIRVANA (ph): Why? Why? Well, I guess maybe to help Big Pharma make more money that they can donate to Republican politicians, I assume. NIRVANA (ph): Yes, that makes sense. Yes, unfortunately, it does make sense. All right, let's talk to Anita (ph). Anita (ph), are you there? Yes. Hello, Anita (ph). ANITA (ph): Hello. And Anita (ph), what do you do for a living? ANITA (ph): I am an OB-GYN, who delivers babies and does surgery. An OB-GYN? She is an OB-GYN that delivers babies. Uh oh. ANITA (ph): Uh oh, yes, it's bad news, isn't it? It sure is. On page 459, Project 2025, resurrects a law from the 1800s called the Comstock Act to ban abortion nationwide, and throw health care providers in jail. ANITA (ph): Oh, my god. That is awful. Yes, it is awful. All right, let's do one more. Is Sharia (ph) with us? Sharia (ph), are you there? SHARIA (ph): Hey, Kenan, I'm here. Yes, Sharia (ph). I love it. All right, let's talk to you. I understand that you work for the federal government? SHARIA (ph): Yes, sir, I'm in the United States Department of Education. SHARIA (ph): I'm a proud civil servant, and a proud union president. She works for the Department of Education, and she's a proud civil servant. Well, unfortunately for you, on page 78, Project 2025, calls for President Trump to purge the civil service of everyone, who isn't a MAGA loyalist. Are you a MAGA loyalist? SHARIA (ph): No, Kenan, absolutely not. Hey, I'm just, I'm just asking. I mean, you might as well be, because also, page 319 calls for the complete elimination of the Department of Education. Yes, there's a -- there's a bunch of stuff in here. But that's all we have time for at the moment. Just remember, everything that we just talked about is very real. It is in this book. You can read it online at kamalaharris.com/project- 2025. And most importantly, you can stop it, from ever happening, by electing Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States.