TONY WEST (FORMER UNITED STATES ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL):

35 years ago, in my first week at law school, I met a new classmate, Maya Harris. We became best friends, but the way Kamala tells the story, we'd already fallen in love by graduation day. And when Maya and I married, I not only gained a life partner I love, a daughter I adore, and a mother-in-law I revered, someone I affectionately called Mother Harris, I also gained a sister, a sister I cherish, Kamala. Now Maya, Kamala, and I each pursued different legal careers, but we were motivated by the same values, a belief and equal opportunity, a yearning for fairness, a passion for justice. Values Mother Harris taught those two little girls, values that powered Kamala's public service from the very beginning. You know, one of kamala's very first cases in the district attorney's office, it involved a woman, an innocent woman, wrongfully arrested in a police raid. It was a Friday afternoon. And the courthouse was shutting down for the weekend. And look, most prosecutors, they would have gone home and dealt with the matter the following Monday, but not Kamala. You see, my sister- in-law knew that if the judge didn't see this woman that afternoon, she'd spend the entire weekend in jail. And Kamala she wondered. Does this woman work weekends? Would she lose her job? Does she have young kids at home? Who would feed those kids? So Kamala pleaded for the judge to return to the bench and to hear the matter. And the judge agreed, and within minutes, that woman was released back to her family that night. Now, it may seem small, but that's what it means to stand up for justice. That's what it means to stand for the people. And as Kamala says, when you know what you stand for, you know what to fight for. And look, believe me when I tell you, as a sister, a daughter, an auntie and a mother, I seen Kamala fight for her family. As District Attorney, Attorney General, U.S. Senator and Vice President of the United States, I have watched her fight in the halls of power for those who have no voice there. And as President, I know, I know she'll fight for you. She'll fight for all of us, because friends, when Kamala fights, we win. Thank you. God bless you.