USHA CHILUKURI VANCE (WIFE OF VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE J. D. VANCE):

Good evening. Good evening. When I was asked to introduce my husband, J. D. Vance, to all of you, I was at a loss. What could I say that hasn't already been said before? After all, the man was already the subject of a Ron Howard movie. J. D. has shared much of his life through his own eloquent words. In his book, "Hillbilly Elegy," during his Senate campaign, and now, as a sitting United States senator. It occurred to me that there was only one thing to do, to explain from the heart why I love and admire J. D. and stand here beside him today, and why he will make a great vice president of the United States. I met J. D. in law school when he was fresh out of Ohio State, which he attended with the support of the G.I. Bill. We were friends first, because, I mean, who wouldn't want to be friends with J. D.? He was then, as now, the most interesting person I knew. A working-class guy who had overcome childhood traumas that I could barely fathom to end up at Yale Law School. A tough Marine who had served in Iraq, but whose idea of a good time was playing with puppies and watching the movie "Babe." The most determined person I knew with one overriding ambition, to become a husband and a father, and to build the kind of tightknit family that he had longed for as a child. My background is very different from J. D.'s. I grew up in San Diego in a middle-class community -- -- with two loving parents, both immigrants from India, and a wonderful sister. That J. D. and I could meet at all, let alone fall in love and marry, is a testament to this great country. It is also a testament to J. D., and it tells you something about who he is. When J. D. met me, he approached our differences with curiosity and enthusiasm. He wanted to know everything about me, where I came from, what my life had been like. Although, he's a meat and potatoes kind of guy, he adapted to my vegetarian diet and learned to cook food for my mother, Indian food. Before I knew it, he had become an integral part of my family, a person I could not meant -- could not imagine living without. The J. D. I knew then is the same J. D. you see today, except for that beard. And his goals in this new role are the same that he has pursued for our family, to keep people safe, to create opportunities, to build a better life, and to solve problems with an open mind. It's safe to say that neither J. D. nor I expected to find ourselves in this position, but it's hard to imagine a more powerful example of the American dream, a boy from Middletown, Ohio. (CHANTING) Raised by his grandmother through tough times, chosen to help lead our country through some of its greatest challenges, I am grateful to all of you for the trust you have placed in him and in our family. And with that, it is my great privilege to introduce my husband and the next Vice President of the United States, J.D. Vance. Thank you, thank you. Please. Wow. Wow. Yeah. First of all, aren't I a lucky guy? Isn't she lovely, and amazing? Greetings, Milwaukee, my fellow Americans and my fellow Republicans, my name is J.D. Vance, from the great state of Ohio. Tonight... (CHANTING) O-H-I-O, O-H-I-O. You guys, we've got to chill with the Ohio love. We've got to win Michigan too here. So... My friends, tonight is a night of hope, a celebration of what America once was, and with God's grace, what it will soon be again. And it is a reminder of the sacred duty we have to preserve the American experiment, to choose a new path for our children and grandchildren. But, as we meet tonight, we cannot forget that this evening could have been so much different. Instead of the day of celebration, this could have been a day of heartache and mourning. For the last eight years, President Trump has given everything he has to fight for the people of our country. He didn't need politics, but the country needed him. Now, prior to running for president, he was one of the most successful businessmen in the world. He had everything anyone could ever want in a life. And yet, instead of choosing the easy path, he chose to endure abuse, slander and persecution. And he did it because he loves this country. I want all Americans to go and watch the video of a would-be assassin coming a quarter of an inch from taking his life. Consider the lies they told you about Donald Trump, and then look at that photo of him defiant, fist in the air. When Donald Trump rose to his feet in that Pennsylvania field, all of America stood with him. And what did he call us to do for our country? To fight. To fight for America. Even in his most perilous moment, we were on his mind. His instinct was for us, for our country, to call us to something higher, to something greater, to once again be citizens who ask what our country needs of us. Now consider what they said. They said he was a tyrant. They said he must be stopped at all costs. But how did he respond? He called for national unity, for national calm, literally right after an assassin nearly took his life. He remembered the victims of the terrible attack, especially the brave Corey Comperatore, who gave his life to protect his family. God bless him. And then President Trump flew to Milwaukee and got back to work. Now, that's the man I've gotten to know personally over the last few years. He is tough, and he is. But he cares about people. He can stand defiant against an assassin one moment and call for national healing the next. He is a beloved father and grandfather. And of course, a once in a generation business leader. He's the man who is feared by America's adversaries. But two nights ago -- and I'll share a moment -- said good night to his two boys, told them he loved them, and made sure to give each of them a kiss on the cheek. And I will say Don and Eric squirmed the same way my four year old does when his daddy tries to give him a kiss on the cheek. Sorry, guys, He is all those things. But tonight we celebrate he is our once and future president of the United States of America. Now, I want to respond to his call for unity myself. We have a big tent in this party, on everything from national security to economic policy. But my message to you, my fellow Republicans, is we love this country and we are united to win. Right. Now, I think our disagreements actually make us stronger. That's what I've learned in my time in the United States Senate, where sometimes I persuade my colleagues and sometimes they persuade me. And my message to my fellow Americans, those watching from across the country, is shouldn't we be governed by a party that is unafraid to debate ideas and come to the best solution? That's the Republican Party of the next four years, united in our love for this country and committed to free speech and the open exchange of ideas. And so tonight, Mr. Chairman, I stand here humbled, and I'm overwhelmed with gratitude to say I officially accept your nomination to be Vice President of the United States of America. Thank you. Now never in my wildest imagination could I have believed that I'd be standing here tonight. I grew up in Middletown, Ohio... ... a small town where people spoke their minds, built with their hands, and loved their God, their family, their community, and their country with their whole hearts. But it was also a place that had been cast aside and forgotten by America's ruling class in Washington. When I was in the fourth grade, a career politician by the name of Joe Biden supported NAFTA, a bad trade deal that sent countless good jobs to Mexico. When I was a sophomore in high school, that same career politician named Joe Biden gave China a sweetheart trade deal that destroyed even more good American middle-class manufacturing jobs. When I was a senior in high school, that same Joe Biden supported the disastrous invasion of Iraq. And at each step of the way, in small towns like mine in Ohio or next door in Pennsylvania or Michigan, in states all across our country, jobs were sent overseas and our children were sent to war. And... I agree. And somehow, a real estate developer from New York City by the name of Donald J. Trump was right on all of these issues while Biden was wrong. President Trump knew even then that we needed leaders who would put America first. Now thanks to these policies that Biden and other out-of-touch politicians in Washington gave us, our country was flooded with cheap Chinese goods, with cheap foreign labor, and in the decades to come, deadly Chinese fentanyl. Joe Biden screwed up and my community paid the price. Now I was lucky. Despite the closing factories and the growing addiction in the -- in towns like mine, in my life, I had a guardian angel by my side. She was an old woman who could barely walk but she was tough as nails. I called her "Mamaw," the name we hillbillies gave to our grandmothers. Mamaw raised me as her own -- excuse me, Mamaw raised me as my mother struggled with addiction. And Mamaw was in so many ways a woman of contradictions. She loved the lord, ladies and gentlemen. She was a woman of deep Christian faith. But she also loved the F-word. I'm not kidding. She could make a sailor blush. Now she once told me when she found out that I was spending too much time with a local kid who was known for dealing drugs that if I ever hung out with that kid again, she would run him over with her car. That's true. And she said, J.D., no one will ever find out about it. Now -- now thanks to that Mamaw, things worked out for me. After 9/11 I did what thousands of other young men my age did in that time of soaring patriotism and love of country. I enlisted in the United States Marines. Semper fi to my fellow Marines. Now I left the Marines after four years and went to the Ohio State University. I'm sorry, Michigan. I had to get that in there. Come on, come on, we've had enough political violence, let's... Now after Ohio State I went to Yale Law School where I met my beautiful wife.