WILLIAM PEKRUL (WWII VETERAN):

Thank you very much. My name is Bill Pekrul. I'm a proud Wisconsinite, proud -- -- I'm a proud husband of 76-years-old to my wife Rose Mary. I'm a father of 11 children -- -- six girls, five boys. Our family have crossed five generations and a proud World War II veteran. I'm 90 -- 98-years-old. Some call us the greatest generation. That's -- that's an honor, considering America is the greatest nation in the history of the world. I will never forget and witnessed the horror of the Nazi's war camps in the Battle of the Gulch. My friends and I fought to stop the Nazi's last major portion, the Western Front. A few months later, Hitler was -- Hitler was dead. The Nazis were defeated. We were -- and we gave thanks to Almighty God for deliverance from evil. But not -- but not many of us came home. I still miss a lot of my friends on that beach, and we're -- there were many of us left. There aren't many of us left today. But for us -- those who of us who are here -- that America is still worth fighting for. (CHEERS) It hurts my heart to see what our current president and vice president have done to the country I love so well. They humiliated us in Afghanistan. We pushed around in China. Terrorists run wild in the Middle East. And they let our own southern border get overrun. (CHEERS) America, people say -- people is an -- America is an idea, but I believe America is much more than that. America -- America is our home. (CHEERS) (CROWD CHANTING "USA") You know, when I was fighting in Europe, and I came back home, I kissed the ground. Thanked God that I'm back home in my country. (CHEERS) And where I come from, when somebody comes for me or my home, you dig in your boots in the ground and never look back. (CHEERS) That's the attitude that saved the free world and those years ago. And President Trump back in commander-in-chief, I would go back to reenlist today. (CHEERS) And I -- I would storm whatever beach he want -- my country wanted -- needs me to. (CHEERS) God bless you. God bless our home, and the United States of America. (CHEERS) (CHANTING)