Speaker 1 (00:04):
Good evening, Milwaukee.
We always say that this is the most important election in our lifetime, but we know deep down this one truly is. Our constitution and the soul of our very nation are on the ballot. Under Joe Biden, the American people have suffered crisis after crisis. From the Biden border, the most wide open border in our nation’s history, to Bidenflation, the highest rate of inflation in my lifetime, devastating hardworking families with skyrocketing prices for groceries, gas, and utilities, to Biden’s violent crime crisis, fueled by Democrats, pro-criminal, sanctuary cities, and defund the police policies, like we have seen in my home state of New York. All while corrupt Democrat prosecutors and judges wage illegal and unconstitutional law fair against President Trump in an effort to do Joe Biden’s political bidding.
And around the world, the feckless and failed Joe Biden has caused chaos, weakening our national security. From the catastrophic withdrawal from Afghanistan to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine to Hamas’ terrorist attack against our most precious ally, Israel. And let me ask you a question. What has been the response from the radical left on our college campuses? Vile antisemitism, chanting, “Death to Israel, death to Jews, death to America.” This is Joe Biden’s Democrat Party.
Who saw that congressional hearing with the college presidents of so-called elite universities? Oh wait, they are former presidents. I asked one simple question at that hearing. It was not a political question, it was a moral question, and that was this, does calling for the genocide of Jews violate your university’s code of conduct? And one after the other after the other said, “It depends on the context.” Let me tell you, America knows it does not depend on the context.
President Trump will bring back moral leadership to the White House, condemning antisemitism and standing strong with Israel and the Jewish people. President Trump will once again deliver the most secure border in our nation’s history and unleash the American economy, and he will bring peace through strength as commander in chief, standing with our allies and causing our enemies to fear us. President Trump has done it before and he will do it again. This November, we are counting on you, we the people, to save America, by electing President Donald J. Trump.
It is clear for the whole world to see, nothing, absolutely nothing will stop President Trump from standing and fighting for our great country. And I have been proud to always stand in the breach during the toughest moments for President Trump. From leading the charge against illegal impeachments to standing for election integrity, to unifying house Republicans, to proudly being the first member of Congress to endorse him for reelection.
And as we embark on the difficult path ahead to save America, call upon Galatians 6:9, and, “Let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season, we will reap if we do not give up.” We the people will never give up on President Trump, and we will never give up on the United States of America.
God bless you, God bless President Donald J. Trump, and God bless the United States of America.