Thank y’all very much. Thank y’all very much. Thank y’all very much. As … come on, let’s go. As governor of the largest border state, the great State of Texas, I can tell you, I can tell you, America needs a president who will secure our border. America needs Donald J. Trump. The president’s most sacred duty is to secure our country. Donald Trump fulfilled that duty by eliminating illegal immigration. Under President Trump we had the lowest illegal border crossings in about four decades. By contrast, however, Joe Biden deserted his duty. On his first day in office he gutted President Trump’s policies and the result has been catastrophic. Under Joe Biden, illegal immigration has skyrocketed. Under his watch, around 11 million immigrants have crossed our border illegally. That’s more than the entire population of Michigan. Is twice the population of Wisconsin. Biden has welcomed into our country, rapists, murderers, even terrorists, and the price that we have paid has been deadly.
Among the many victims was twelve-year-old Jocelyn from Houston, Texas. Raped and murdered by two illegal immigrants. She’s one of thousands whose lives have been destroyed by Joe Biden’s open border policies. To make matters even worse, Biden is even fighting tooth and nail to stop Texas and other Republican states from securing own borders. I deployed thousands of National Guard soldiers to build hundreds of miles of razor wire barriers. Give it up for our National Guard. They built those barriers to stop illegal crossings. When Joe Biden ordered to cut that razor wire, I ordered the National Guard to triple the razor wire on the border. When Biden took 50 acres of Texas border property to illegally process up to 5,000 illegal immigrants a day, I directed the Texas National Guard to take back our land and wire it shut.
Now, there’s no longer 5,000 people crossing the border like there was under Joe Biden. Now that the National Guard wired that shut, on average, there is one illegal immigrant crossing the border at that location, a day. When Joe Biden and Kamala Harris refused to even come to Texas and to see the border crisis that they created, I took the border to them. I began busing illegal immigrants to Washington DC. And we have continued busing migrants to sanctuary cities across the entire country. And those buses will continue to roll until we finally secure our border.
Fortunately, I see hope on the horizon, because on November the fifth, Joe Biden will be fired and Donald Trump will once again become the president of the United States of America. He will enforce the immigration laws, he will fight the Mexican drug cartels, and he will arrest the criminal illegal immigrants and put them behind bars or send them back.
It is time. It is to restore order at the border. It is time to rid our streets of crime and chaos. It is time to secure our nation by returning Donald Trump as President of the United States of America. Thank you all. God bless.