Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Love you too.
Joe and I have been together for almost 50 years and still there are moments when I fall in love with him all over again. Like when I handed him our baby Ashley for the first time and saw the smile that lit up his face or on nights after an exhausting day working in the Senate, when he would read one more bedtime story just because the kids asked.
When he stops on a rope line because he sees someone grieving who needs to know that everything is going to be all right one day or to encourage that child with a stutter, to find the confidence she needs.
Those moments when I’m reminded of all he’s accomplished in the name of something bigger than himself, receiving the Medal of Freedom with humility. Placing his hand on our family Bible to take his oath of office, and weeks ago when I saw him dig deep into his soul and decide to no longer seek re-election and endorse Kamala Harris.
With faith and conviction, Joe knows that our nation’s strength doesn’t come from intimidation or cruelty. It comes from the small acts of kindness that heal deep wounds from service the communities that make us who we are, from love of a country that shines with promise and renewal. Kamala Harris knows that too.
Our son, Beau, first worked with Kamala when he was Attorney General of Delaware. He told me at the dinner table one night, “Mom, she’s special. Someone to keep your eye on.” And he was right. Joe and I know Kamala. We have seen her courage, her determination, and her leadership up close.
Kamala and Tim, you will win and you are inspiring a new generation. We are all a part of something bigger than ourselves, and we are stronger than we know. The future of our country is in the hands of those in this room and all of you watching at home.
It’s going to take all of us and we can’t afford to lose. With faith in each other, hope for a brighter future and love for our country, we will fight and we will win together. Thank you. Thank you.