Katie Britt. (00:03):
Good evening, Milwaukee. I’m Katie Britt. We are all here tonight for one reason. We need to change the direction of our nation, and Donald Trump is the change we need.
To my fellow moms and dads across America, I think we all know that raising a family is hard. Add in smartphones and social media, and we already had plenty to worry about. But then Joe Biden and Kamala Harris came around. Now our lives are that much more difficult and way more expensive. Under Biden-Harris prices are high. And expectations? Well, they’re low. Grocery prices are up more than 21%. Electricity is up 31%. Gas is up 48%. Mortgage rates have more than doubled and rent is skyrocketing. To me, these aren’t just numbers. This is pain for millions of Americans. It means that so many American families have to live with so much less. This is too high a price to pay for an administration that has brought us to such lows.
The American people won’t have the wool pulled over our eyes. We see how Biden and Harris keep making things worse, and we know the current president is not capable of turning things around. His weakness is costing us our opportunity, our prosperity, our security, our safety, each diminished all in decline, just like the man in the Oval Office.
And it doesn’t have to be this way. Under President Trump, we had the strongest economy in history. That’s right. You didn’t need to go into debt just to make ends meet. Energy dominant, stable prices, secure borders, safe streets, strong families and communities. That’s what Donald Trump will deliver.
With President Trump, the tough choice was which job offer to accept. Now it’s which second job to take just to pay the bills. Your family can’t afford this costly and dangerous decline for four more years. Four more years of Biden-Harris will impose a lifetime of financial damage on our children and our nation. It is time to return President Trump to the White House. Yes. Republicans will put parents, families, and hardworking Americans first. With President Trump back in the White House, we will reawaken the exceptionalism of the greatest nation ever known. We will defeat, decline, dust off our dreams and forge our future because families across our nation deserve better. Once again, America will be the land of limitless opportunity for all. And paving that path starts today. So let’s roll up our sleeves, send President Trump back to the White House and get America back on track. God bless.