Good evening, patriots. Eight years ago, Donald Trump shocked the system and defied the doubters to become the 45th President of the United States. He didn’t want fortune, fame, power, and position. He already had all of that. Donald Trump and his family made enormous sacrifices to run and to serve as president. He didn’t need to do it. He wanted to do it. My relationship with Mr. Trump was forged under fire in a foxhole in 2016 after he asked me to be his campaign manager. We had no idea that he was making history as the first successful presidential nominee ever to tap a woman to lead a campaign.
But that was a natural for Donald J. Trump. He had elevated women in New York real estate decades before, when few people would. One morning I was in an early senior staff meeting in the White House, and as I glanced around the table, something caught my eye. In that meeting were Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Mercedes Schlapp, Brooke Rollins, Ivanka Trump, and me. I soon realized that among us, we have 19 children at the time, ages two through 16. Show me a C-suite in America where five working moms of 19 young children could have the highest rank in the company and work alongside the president.
In the Trump White House, we lived it. Sure, he saw something in me and the other working moms that perhaps we did not see in ourselves. But more importantly, he sees what’s best and what’s possible for millions of decent, hardworking Americans. Now, eight years later, he and his family have made the sacrifice again for him to run and serve as president. Donald Trump could be the envy of former presidents. He’s a billionaire who could play golf every day at his own golf courses. He can enjoy a magnificent life with his incredible five children, his 10 amazing grandchildren, and that extraordinary, elegant, beautiful, brilliant wife, the former and future first lady, Melania Trump. He does not need to do this, but we need him to do this. How often do we hear, “I want Trump’s policies without Trump’s personality”? Good luck with that. We don’t get those policies without that personality.
Taking out Al-Baghdadi on Soleimani, ending the ISIS caliphate, recalibrating trade deals, restoring sanity, growth, and fairness in our economy, making our southern border more secure and sovereign, supporting school choice, protecting life, respecting workers, backing our blue, our military, and our border patrol, you get that through strength and toughness. Weakness emboldens our adversaries, enables failure, and empowers evil. The answer to weakness is strength. The antidote to division is unity, and the alternative to failure and incompetence to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris is to send them packing and send Donald Trump and J.D. Vance to the White House.
If you know someone who is skeptical about the Republican Party or who is cynical about politics, don’t dismiss them. Talk to them. We win through addition, not division. In Donald Trump’s Republican Party, everyone is welcome. We have been called deplorable, irredeemable, mega-MAGA extremists, and worse, but Donald Trump sees you for who you are. You love your God, you love your family, and you love your country. In 2024, there should be no more hidden, undercover Trump voters. It’s time to put that flag on your front porch, that red hat on your head, because we don’t cave, we don’t cower, and we do not capitulate. Instead, we get up, we show up, we stand up, and we speak up.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your movement. This is your moment, and this is the man I know and the president we need for four more years. He picks the toughest fights and wins. He has stood by me, and he will always stand up for you. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.