Steve Scalise (00:16):
God bless each and every one of you. I’m House Majority Leader Steve Scalise from the great state of Louisiana. Now, I was born in New Orleans, so I’ve seen some crazy things in my time. But New Orleans has nothing on Washington, DC these past four years. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have spent your tax dollars trashing America’s finances in ways no sane or sober minded person ever would. Let’s talk energy. They’ve eroded the American energy dominance that President Trump delivered. Joe Biden approved the Nord Stream Pipeline for Russia, but he killed the Keystone Pipeline here at home. Thousands of American jobs gone. It doesn’t end there. Biden let Iran and Venezuela export their oil, but he stopped liquified natural gas exports here in America. President Biden’s not done. President Biden waived taxes on Chinese solar panels, but he raised taxes on Americans.
When we elect Donald Trump as our next president and expand our Republican House majority, we will end the Democrat’s assault on American energy once and for all. Now let’s look at taxes. Biden and Harris want a $5 trillion tax hike. In our first a hundred days, President Trump and a Republican majority will make the Trump Tax Cuts permanent. And yes, we will end taxes on tips and deliver another tax cut for working families. On the border, Biden and Harris opened it up to the entire world. Prisons are being emptied. President Trump and a Republican majority will repass H.R.2, the strongest border security bill in decades. We will lock down the border and yes, we will finish building the wall.
Crowd (02:42):
Build that wall. Build that wall.
Steve Scalise (03:07):
On voting. Our most sacred right as citizens, voting. Biden and Harris want illegals to vote now that they’ve opened up the border. Republicans will repass the SAVE Act to block illegal aliens from voting in our elections. On foreign policy, Biden and Harris brought us weakness and war. President Trump and a Republican majority will begin rebuilding our military and will end the woke indoctrination in its ranks. We will restore American power and peace. On education, Biden and Harris oppose school choice. They actually investigated parents at school boards. President Trump and a Republican majority will pass legislation expanding school choice and will repass the Parents’ Bill of Rights. Parents should be free to choose what their children are taught and where.
Now, lastly, I need to say something about Saturday’s attempt on President Trump’s life. Many of you know I was the survivor of a politically motivated shooting in 2017. Not many know that while I was fighting for my life, Donald Trump was one of the first to come console my family at the hospital. That’s the kind of leader he is. Courageous under fire, compassionate towards others. Let’s put Donald Trump back in the White House this November so we can make America great again. God bless you. May Donald Trump continue to receive God’s blessing and God bless these great United States of America.