Ted Cruz (00:06):
God bless Donald J. Trump. And let me start by giving thanks to God almighty for protecting President Trump and for turning his head on Saturday as the shot was fired. Together, we lift up in prayer all of our leaders for protection and our prayers are in particular with the family of Fire Chief Corey Comperatore and the others injured on Saturday.
Never before has an election mattered so much. We are facing an invasion on our southern border. Not figuratively, a literal invasion. 11.5 million people have crossed our border illegally under Joe Biden. Look around you. This arena holds about 18,000 souls. Now, imagine 639 arenas just like this filled to the brim. That is 11.5 million people, larger than all but eight states in the nation.
But the numbers don’t show us the true price that our country is paying. Every day Americans are dying. Murdered, assaulted, raped by illegal immigrants that the Democrats have released. Teenage girls and boys wearing colored wristbands are being sold into a life of sex slavery. This is evil and it’s wrong, and it is happening every damn day. Think of Kate Steinle. She was 32 walking with her father on a San Francisco pier when a bullet tore through her heart. The man who fired that gun, he’d been deported five times.Every damn day.
Think of Laken Riley. Just 22 years old, a nursing student with dreams of healing others. She went for a jog and never came home, her life taken by someone who should have never been here. Every damn day. Or Rachel Morin, a beautiful mother of five, raped and murdered in suburban Maryland by an illegal immigrant the Democrats released. Every damn day. Or Jocelyn Nungaray, only 12 years old. It was just one month ago today that she was brutally raped and murdered in Houston by two men who were supposed to be detained and monitored, but instead released and allowed to roam free. Every damn day.
These aren’t just stories or statistics. They’re our daughters, our sisters, our friends. The families don’t care about the empty numbers. They care about the empty chairs at the dinner table, about the voices they’ll never hear again, about the laughter lost, and about the dreams that will never be fulfilled. I’ve sat with these families, in living rooms where the silence is so loud that it hurts, where photo albums are opened with trembling hands. How did we get here? It happened because Democrats cynically decided they wanted votes from illegals more than they wanted to protect our children.
Today, as a result of Joe Biden’s presidency, your family is less safe, your children are less safe, the country is less safe. But here’s the good news, we can fix it. And when Donald Trump is president, we will fix it. We know this because he’s done it before. I know this because I worked hand in hand with President Trump to secure our border and we achieved the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45 years. It is real simple. He’s done it before and he’ll do it again.
Tonight, I speak for Kate and Laken and Rachel. Tonight, I speak for Jocelyn, and let us go forward together and keep our sacred oath to defend the Constitution and to protect the American people. Let us secure our borders, enforce our laws, protect our children, and restore the future.