Tom Cotton (00:07):
I want to share two stories about immigration and two presidents. Manuel was a house painter in Arkansas and a green card holder from Mexico. He couldn’t vote in 2020 yet, but his family could. Manuel proudly told his contractor that they had just cast their first votes for president. For whom? Donald Trump, of course. When asked why, Manuel gestured to the parking lot and responded, “Have you seen my new pickup? And did you know that my brother and sister both have full-time jobs? With Trump, we’ve had more work than ever. Things are good.” Manuel became a citizen last year, and he’s excited to vote for the first time for Donald Trump.
By contrast, after Joe Biden and the Border Czar Kamala Harris reversed President Trump’s immigration policies and welcomed the third-world invasion, I traveled to our border. What did I see? The body of a migrant drowned in the Rio Grande. Human traffickers on the Southern bank, taunting the border patrol. Migrants huddled under a bridge. I asked them why they came. None said persecution. Most said for a job. A few admitted, because they could get in. Another answered with one simple word, “Biden.” My flight home the next day was full of these migrants, and you, all of you, paid for their tickets.
That’s our choice. A secure border and an immigration system that works for all of our citizens. Whether your ancestors bled with George Washington or, like Manuel in Arkansas, you just took the oath of citizenship, or Joe Biden’s chaos. Donald Trump said, “You can’t have a nation without borders,” and he defended those borders. Joe Biden thinks borders are racist. Donald Trump will secure our border once again. Donald Trump banned travel to America from terrorist-infested countries. Joe Biden allowed ISIS to smuggle terrorists in. Donald Trump will protect America once again. Donald Trump insisted that immigrants must stand on their own two feet, the oldest principle of American immigration.
Joe Biden gave migrants welfare, free hotels, and more. Donald Trump will stop migrant welfare once again. Donald Trump ended bogus asylum claims. Joe Biden created an app to let illegals schedule their arrival. Seriously. Donald Trump will stop this migrant fraud once again. Donald Trump cracked down on hiring illegals. Joe Biden let illegals take American jobs. Donald Trump will protect America’s workers once again. So what choice will we make? Will we choose Joe Biden, open borders, amnesty and chaos? No, of course not. We’ll choose Donald Trump and his record of security, prosperity, and stability. As Manuel said, “Things were good with Donald Trump,” but everything has gone to hell under Joe Biden. But this Biden chaos will end soon, because it’s time for us to elect President Trump, to secure our border, and to make America great again. Thank you all. God bless you. God bless the United States of America.